## XAML IntelliSense
*Autogenerated by MFractor v3.5.9*
## Attached Property Completions

Provides completion support for attached properties in XAML IntelliSense


## Binding Context Property Completion

When the binding context at the IntelliSense location can be resolved, provides suggestions of available properties on that binding context. After choosing the binding context, MFractor inserts a `{Binding MyProperty}` expression into the XAML.


## Cascading Style Sheet Completions

Provides cascading style sheet resource suggestions into the XAML IntelliSense engine.


## Color Picker IntelliSense Code Action

When editing a color in XAML, this code action opens the color picker, enabling you to visually choose the color you would like to use.


## Color Suggestions Completions

Suggests available colors from the `Xamarin.Forms.Color` type. This is a significantly expanded choice of colors from the default XAML IntelliSense.


## Generate Binding Context Command Completion

When a binding context can be resolved at the current IntelliSense location and the user is editing a property that accepts an `ICommand`, this completion will generate a new command implementation onto the binding context and insert a `{Binding MyCommand}` expression in the XAML.


## Generate Effect Completion

When editing inside a `View.Effects` property setter node, this completion will generate a new `RoutingEffect` inside the shared code project and a `PlatformEffect` in iOS and Android projects.


## Generate Event Handler Completion

When the attribute at the current IntelliSense location is an event handler, this code completion will generate a new event handler in the code behind class for the XAML file.


## Generate Value Converter Resource Completion

When editing inside a `ResourceDictionary`, this completion will let's you create a new IValueConverter implementation.


## Generate View Model Property Completion

When a binding context can be resolved at the current IntelliSense location and the user is editing a bindable property, this completion will generate a new property implementation (using any code snippet configuration) onto the binding context and insert a `{Binding MyProperty}` expression in the XAML.


## Gesture Recogiser Completion

When editing XAML files, MFractor will suggest the available types within a users solutions. For example, `View`s, `Trigger`s, `GestureRecognizer`s etc.


## Grid ColumnSpan Completion

When editing inside a `Grid.ColumnSpan` attribute, MFractor will suggests columns spans that are valid as defined in the `Grid.ColumnDefinitions` for the grid.


## Grid Row Completion

When editing inside a `Grid.Row` attribute, MFractor suggests the available row indices definited in the `Grid.RowDefinitions` for the grid.


## Grid RowSpan Completion

When editing inside a `Grid.RowSpan` attribute, MFractor will suggests rows spans that are valid as defined in the `Grid.RowDefinitions` for the grid.


## Markup Extension Property Completion

When editing inside a XAML markup expression, MFractor will suggest the available properties for the current markup extension.


## Markup Extension Type Completion

When editing XAML markup extension expressions, MFractor will suggest all available IMarkupExtensions based on the namespaces in the current XAML document.


## Reserved Markup Extension Completion




## Setter Property Shorthand Completion

When editing inside a style and you wish to create a new Setter, MFractor will discover the outer target type for the style, trigger or visual state and suggest the properties that can be used inside a setter. When a setter property completion is triggered, MFractor inserts the setter as `<Setter Property="TheProperty" Value=""/> and then centers the caret inside the value attribute.


## Static Resource Completion

Provides auto-completion support for Xamarin.Forms static resources defined in the current file, referenced resource dictionaries and the app.xaml.


## Trigger Completion

When editing XAML within a `View.Trigger` property assignment, MFractor suggests all available `Xamarin.Forms.Trigger`s within the namespaces in the current document. For example, `MultiTrigger`, `Trigger`, `DataTrigger` etc.


## Type Symbol Completion

When editing XAML files, MFractor will suggest the available types within a users solutions. For example, `View`s, `Trigger`s, `GestureRecognizer`s etc.


## x:Reference Value Completion

When editing an `x:Reference` XAML markup expression, MFractor will suggest all available XAML elements that have an `x:Name` attribute inside the current XAML document.


