
##Xamarin.Forms Xaml Analysis
A complete list of all Xaml analysers in MFractor for Xamarin.Forms

**42 Analysers**

*(Autogenerated by MFractor v2.8.0.0)*
## Binding Expression Return Type Mismatch
Validates that the .NET symbol returned by a binding expression matches the expected type for the property.

## Binding Expressions Resolve
Inspects `Binding` expressions and validates that the symbol referred to in the binding context exists. This analyser requires an explict or implicit binding context.

**Available Fixes**

 * **Autocorrect property | Generate property**: When the symbol referenced inside a binding expression is unresolved, this fix can either apply an auto-correcet or generate a property on elements the BindingContext

## Class Does Not Have Attached Property
Looks for attached properties (for example `Grid.Row`) and validates they exist in the class that they are attempting to use.

**Available Fixes**

 * **Replace with correct attached property name**: Replaces an incorrect attached property with an auto-corrected value.

## Duplicate AutomationIds
Inspects a Xaml document for occurances of duplicate `AutomationId` declarations.

## Duplicate Code Behind Field Declarations
Checks that the value assigned to an `x:Name` attribute is unique within the scope of the document.

## Duplicate Resource Dictionary Keys
Validates the each resource entry within a resource dictionary has a unique key.

## Empty Code Behind Field Declaration
Inspects occurances of the `x:Name` attribute and validates that a value is assigned; empty `x:Name` expressions generate an empty named code-behind field, causing compilation errors.

## Event Handler Exists In Code Behind Class
Checks that an event callback referenced referenced by an attribute value exists in the code behind class.

**Available Fixes**

 * **Generate event handler method**: Generates a method body for an event handler that does not exist in the xaml files code-behind class.

## Event Handler Signature Mismatch
Checks that the signature for the event callback in a code behind class matches the expected signature for the property it is assigned to.

## Generic Usage Is Missing x:TypeArguments
Inspects generic classes that are instantiated through Xaml and validates that an `x:TypeArguments` attribute or property assignment node is present.

**Available Fixes**

 * **Create x:TypeArguments attribute.**: Generates an x:TypeArguments attribute, resolving the potential argument types if possible.
 * **Create x:TypeArguments property setter**: Generates a child 'x:TypeArguments' property setter node, resolving the potential argument types if possible.

## IValueConverter Input Type Mismatch
Inspects the `Converter` property of a `Binding `expression and validates that the input type is correct. This analyser requires that the `IValueConverter` implementation uses the [`ValueConversion`](/tutorials/xamarin-forms/value-converter-type-safety.md) attribute to declare it input type.

## IValueConverter Output Type Mismatch
Inspects the `Converter` component of a `Binding` expression and validates that the returned output type is valid for the parent attribute. This analyser requires that the `IValueConverter` implementation uses the [`ValueConversion`](/tutorials/xamarin-forms/value-converter-type-safety.md) attribute to declare it input type.

## Malformed Xmlns Declaration
Verifies that a 'xmlns' attribute has both a clr-namespace and an assembly component.

## Missing Microsoft Schema
Inspects at the root xaml node and verifies that it references the Microsoft Xaml schema: `http://schemas.microsoft.com/winfx/2009/xaml`. This schema is required for Xamarin Forms Xaml documents.

## Obsolete Property Used
Checks for attributes that are marked as obsolete/deprecated.

## OnIdiom Return Type Mismatch
Checks the type returned by a `Xamarin.Forms.OnIdiom` element is valid with the parent property type.

## OnPlatform Return Type Mismatch
Checks the type returned by a `Xamarin.Forms.OnPlatform` element is valid with the parent property type.

## Property Node Maps To Member In Parent Type
Checks that a property node resolves to a member within its parent type.

## Property Setter Attribute Has Value
Checks that a value has been provided to an attribute property. This check is skipped if the property type is a string or a valueconverter or type converter is in use.

## Property Setter Node Has Value
Checks that a value has been provided to a node Property setter (EG `<MyClass.MyProperty></MyClass.MyProperty>`).

## Property Setter Node Misuse
Inspects for property setters that don't apply to the outer class. For example, if a developer used OnIdiom.Phone inside a OnPlatform element, the OnIdiom.Phone property setter makes no sense within the given context.

## Property Setter Type Mismatch
When using MyClass.MyProperty node setter syntax, validate that the inner child node returns a .NET object of the correct type for the property.

## Referenced Attribute Member Exists In Parent Type
Checks that an attribute resolves to a member within its parent type.

**Available Fixes**

 * **Generate property onto parent type**: This fix generates a property with a getter and setter onto the parent type.
 * **Generate bindable property on type**: This fix generates a bindable property onto the targetted .
 * **Replace attribute with closely named member**: Looks for members on a C# class that are named closely to an unresolved xml attribute and then suggest near matches.

## Referenced Code Behind Field Exists
Inspects usages of the `x:Reference` expression and validates the referenced element has been declared within the document. `x:Reference` expressions are used to resolve another Xaml node has a code behind field defined using the `x:Name` attribute.

**Available Fixes**

 * **Replace x:Name with closely named member**: Replaces an invalid x:Name reference with a similiarly named x:Name declared in the current document.

## Resource Entry Does Not Define Key
Validates the elements provided to a resource dictionary supply an `x:Key` attribute to declare their resource dictionary key.

**Available Fixes**

 * **Remove unused xmlns declaration**: Removes the unused xmlns declaration.

## Root Element Defines Code Behind Class
Checks that the root xaml node defines a code behind class using the `x:Class` directive

## StaticResource Return Type Mismatch
Validates that the symbol returned by a `StaticResource` expression matches the expected type for the property.

## Undefined Static Resource Usage
Validates that the element referenced by a `StaticResource` expression resource lookup resolves to a resource defined in the xaml file.

## Unknown Static Property Value
For attributes that accept a class object, hecks that the literal value maps to a static property or field in the class type. For example, the `LayoutOptions` class has the static fields `Fill` or `CentreAndExpand` that can be used a literal attribute values. If `CentreAndFill` was provided, this analyser would inspect `LayoutOptions` for a static field named `CentreAndFill` and trigger an analysis error when it couldn't be found.

**Available Fixes**

 * **Replace unknown property value with autocorrection**: When a xaml element property attempts to reference a static field (for instance LayoutOptions.Center), this fix finds the nearest named member and replaces the incorrect value with an auto-correction.

## Unknown Type Provided To Generic
Inspects usages of `x:TypeArguments` and validates that the type provided exists.

## Unresolved .NET Symbols Within Xaml Expression
Inspects a .net symbol reference (eg `local:MyClass.MyProperty`) and validates that the symbol portion ('MyClass.MyProperty') resolves to a .NET symbol within the current project and it's references.

**Available Fixes**

 * **Autocorrect class or property**: When a c# symbol reference expression does not resolve, this fix applies an auto-corrected suggestion from the class/property.
 * **Generate class and static member**: When a c# symbol reference expression does not resolve, this fix generates a stub class declaration with a default, readonly static member.
 * **Generate class**: When a c# symbol reference expression does not resolve, this fix generates an implementation for the missing class.
 * **Generate property**: Generate a static or constant variable onto the targetted class

## Unresolved Namespace Within Xaml Expression
Inspects a .net symbol reference (eg `local:MyClass.MyProperty`) and validates that the namespace portion ('local') resolves to a xmlns declaration in the current document.

**Available Fixes**

 * **Import namespace and assembly**: When the namespace inside c# symbol reference expression can be resolved to a .NET symbol in the project or its references this fix generates an 'xmlns' import statement in the root xaml element.

## Unresolved Xml Namespace
Checks that the namespace used on the xml nodes is defined within the current document.

**Available Fixes**

 * **Import namespace and assembly**: When an xaml node can be resolved to a .NET symbol in the project or its references this fix generates an 'xmlns' import statement in the root xaml element.
 * **Replace xml namespace with auto-correction**: Replaces an xml namespace prefix with the auto-corrected xml namespace.

## Unresolved Xmlns Assembly
Checks that the 'assembly' component of an xmlns statement resolves to an assembly referenced by the project.

## Unused Xml Namespace
Validate that xmlns attributes that declare a namespace and assembly that is used within the current document.

**Available Fixes**

 * **Remove unused xmlns declaration**: Removes the unused xmlns declaration.

## Validate Binding Expressions Return A Property
Evaluates a `Binding` expression and validates that it points to property within the binding context. This analyser requires an explict or implicit binding context.

**Available Fixes**

 * **Replace field or method reference with property.**: Replaces a field or method symbol within a binding expression with a suggested property name.

## Validate Value Types
Inspects the input provided to attributes that expect value types (int, bool, double etc) and validates that the input is valid.

## x:Name Has Invalid Characters
Checks that x:Name expressions define a valid code-behind variable name. A value declared by an x:Name attribute must start with a @, _ or a-Z character followed by underscores or alpha-numeric characters.

## x:Static Return Type Mismatch
Validates that the .NET symbol returned by an `x:Static` expressions matches the expected type for the property.

## x:TypeArguments Used On Non-Generic Class
Inspects for usages of `x:TypeArguments` on elements that are non-generic classes.

## Xaml Node Cannot Be Instantiated
Checks that an xml node can be instantiated; xaml elements must resolve to a non-abstract, concrete class implementation.

## Xaml Node Resolves
Checks that xaml nodes map to a valid .NET symbol.

**Available Fixes**

 * **Generate Missing Value Converter**: When a Xaml node cannot be resolved and it ends with '[cC]onverter', this fix will create a new implemenation of IValueConverter.
 * **Generate Missing View**: When a Xaml node cannot be resolved, this fix will create a new implemenation of that class deriving from 'Xamarin.Forms.View'.
 * **Generate Missing Class**: When a Xaml node cannot be resolved, this fix will create a new implementation of that class.
 * **Replace node with auto-corrected match**: This fix action replaces a mispelt xaml node that can be resolved in an assembly with its correct .NET symbol name.

