##Code Issue Fixes
*(Autogenerated by MFractor v2.10.0.0)*
All available code fixes in MFractor for Xamarin.Forms

*24 Code Actions*
##Autocorrect class or property

When a c# symbol reference expression does not resolve, this fix applies an auto-corrected suggestion from the class/property.

##Autocorrect property | Generate property

When the symbol referenced inside a binding expression is unresolved, this fix can either apply an auto-correcet or generate a property on elements the BindingContext

##Create x:TypeArguments attribute.

Generates an x:TypeArguments attribute, resolving the potential argument types if possible.

##Generate bindable property on type

This fix generates a bindable property onto the targetted class.

##Generate class

When a c# symbol reference expression does not resolve, this fix generates an implementation for the missing class.

##Generate class and static member

When a c# symbol reference expression does not resolve, this fix generates a stub class declaration with a default, readonly static member.

##Generate event handler method

Generates a method body for an event handler that does not exist in the xaml files code-behind class.

##Generate Missing Class

When a Xaml node cannot be resolved, this fix will create a new implementation of that class.

##Generate Missing Value Converter

When a Xaml node cannot be resolved and it ends with '[cC]onverter', this fix will create a new implemenation of IValueConverter.

##Generate Missing View

When a Xaml node cannot be resolved, this fix will create a new implemenation of that class deriving from 'Xamarin.Forms.View'.

##Generate property

Generate a static or constant variable onto the targetted class

##Generate property onto parent type

This fix generates a property with a getter and setter onto the parent type.

##Import namespace and assembly

When the namespace inside c# symbol reference expression can be resolved to a .NET symbol in the project or its references this fix generates an 'xmlns' import statement in the root xaml element.

##Import namespace and assembly

When an xaml node can be resolved to a .NET symbol in the project or its references this fix generates an 'xmlns' import statement in the root xaml element.

##Remove unused xmlns declaration

Removes the unused xmlns declaration.

##Remove unused xmlns declaration

Removes the unused xmlns declaration.

##Rename Duplicate Namespace References

Replaces all occurances of a namespace with .

##Replace attribute with closely named member

Looks for members on a C# class that are named closely to an unresolved xml attribute and then suggest near matches.

##Replace field or method reference with property.

Replaces a field or method symbol within a binding expression with a suggested property name.

##Replace node with auto-corrected match

This fix action replaces a mispelt xaml node that can be resolved in an assembly with its correct .NET symbol name.

##Replace unknown property value with autocorrection

When a xaml element property attempts to reference a static field (for instance LayoutOptions.Center), this fix finds the nearest named member and replaces the incorrect value with an auto-correction.

##Replace with correct attached property name

Replaces an incorrect attached property with an auto-corrected value.

##Replace x:Name with closely named member

Replaces an invalid x:Name reference with a similiarly named x:Name declared in the current document.

##Replace xml namespace with auto-correction

Replaces an xml namespace prefix with the auto-corrected xml namespace.

