##Code Generation
*(Autogenerated by MFractor v2.10.0.0)*
All available code generation actions in MFractor for Xamarin.Forms

*5 Code Actions*
##Generate Grid ColumnDefinitions

This code generation refactoring adds column definition setter to a Xamarin.Forms.Grid Xaml node with a single `<ColumnDefinition Width="*"/>` element; this allows you to quickly setup a boilerplate grid.

When this refactoring is used, the `<Grid>` node will have the following code injected:

```

<Grid>

	<Grid.ColumnDefinitions>

	<ColumnDefinition Width="*">

	</Grid.ColumnDefinitions>

</Grid>

```

##Generate Grid RowDefinitions

This code generation refactoring adds row definition setter to a Xamarin.Forms.Grid Xaml node with a single `<RowDefinition Height="*"/>` element; this allows you to quickly setup a boilerplate grid.

When this refactoring is used, the `<Grid>` node will have the following code injected:

```

<Grid>

	<Grid.RowDefinitions>

	<RowDefinition Height="*">

	</Grid.RowDefinitions>

</Grid>

```

##Generate Resource Dictionary

The **Generate Resource Dictionary** refactoring adds a `MyView.ResourceDictionary` property with a nested resource dictionary to any Xaml node that derives from `Xamarin.Forms.VisualElement` or is the root application class. Developers can quickly add a resource dictionary in just a few keystrokes; this is especially useful when you need to add a resource dictionary to the root xaml node on a control or page.

##Implement Missing Members

When a control uses undefined members/properties in a Xaml view, this refactoring collects all missing properties, attempts to resolve their types and then generates them onto the control/class.

The following **must** be satisfied for this refactoring to trigger:

 * One or more undefined members/properties must be in use.
 * The referenced class must exist.
 * The referenced class must be writeable; aka it must be in the users source code.
 * When the referenced class derives from `Xamarin.Forms.BindableObject`, this refactoring will allow the generation of bindable properties.

Let's examine the following code:

**MyCustomSlider.cs**

```

public class MyCustomSlider : Xamarin.Forms.Slider
{
}

```

**MyXamlView.xaml**

```

<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<ContentPage xmlns="http://xamarin.com/schemas/2014/forms"
	xmlns:local="clr-namespace:HelloMFractor"
	xmlns:x="http://schemas.microsoft.com/winfx/2009/xaml"
	x:Class="HelloMFractor.HelloMFractorPage">
	<local:MyCustomSlider 
		MinRangeColor="{Binding MinColor}"
		MaxRangeColor="{Binding MaxColor}"/>
</ContentPage>
 

```

When `Implement Missing Members` is actioned MFractor can generate the members/properties as plain old properties (EG: `get; set;`) or as a bindable property implementation.

For example, when actioned to generate bindable properties, `MyCustomSlider` would become:

```

public class MyCustomSlider : Slider
{
    public static readonly BindableProperty MaxRangeColorProperty = BindableProperty.Create(nameof(MaxRangeColor), typeof(Color), typeof(HelloMFractor.MyCustomSlider), default(Color));
    public Color MaxRangeColor
    {
        get
        {
            return (Xamarin.Forms.Color)GetValue(MaxRangeColorProperty);
        }

        set
        {
            SetValue(MaxRangeColorProperty, value);
        }
    }

    public static readonly BindableProperty MinRangeColorProperty = BindableProperty.Create(nameof(MinRangeColor), typeof(object), typeof(HelloMFractor.MyCustomSlider), default(Color));
    public Color MinRangeColor
    {
        get
        {
            return (Xamarin.Forms.Color)GetValue(MinRangeColorProperty);
        }

        set
        {
            SetValue(MinRangeColorProperty, value);
        }
    }
}

```

##Implement View Model

When a Xamarin.Forms xaml document has unimplemented bindings, this refactoring allows a developer to implement them all in a few clicks.
The 'Implement View Model' refactoring will gather all unimplemented binding expressions, generate the properties (optionally with backing fields), generate the commands and then insert the code into the binding context for the view.

If there is no associated binding context for the Xaml view, this refactoring will also generate the class. The naming convention will be [XamlFileName]ViewMode minus the Page or View comoponent; for example, LoginPage would create a class named LoginViewModel and PasswordDialogView would create a class named PasswordDialogViewModel.

