##Code Organisation
*(Autogenerated by MFractor v2.10.0.0)*
All available code organisation actions in MFractor for Xamarin.Forms

*7 Code Actions*
##Collapse Attributes Onto Same Line

This refactoring will collapse all the attributes for a Xaml node onto the same line as the nodes name declaration.

##Collapse Node

When a Xaml node has a closing tag and no children (eg: `<MyNode> </MyNode>`), this refactoring allows the developer to remove the closing tag to make the node self-closing. For example, when applied to the node `<MyNode> ... </MyNode>`, the closing tag `</MyNode>` is removed and the element becomes self closing like so: `<MyNode/>`.

##Expand Attributes Onto Separate Lines

This refactoring will expand all the attributes for a Xaml node onto a separate line for each attribute.

For example, gi

##Expand Node

When a Xaml node is self-closing (EG `<MyNode/>`), this organise refactoring allows a developer to generate a closing tag for the node. For example, the node `<MyNode/>` would become `<MyNode> ... </MyNode>` after applying this refactoring.

##Format Xaml Document

Applies the xml formatting policy to the entire document. It will correctly indent nodes, sort attributes, align attributes under the parent node.

##Simplify Static Member Assignment

Attributes that accept a class instance can be assigned long hand by using the type and instance name that will be used for the assignement.For example, when assigning VerticalOptions it's perfectly reasonable to use the long hand form of 'LayoutOptions.CentreAndExpand'.This refactoring action strips out the leading type specifier and reduces the assignment to just 'CentreAndExpand'

##Sort Xaml Attributes

This refactoring sorts the attributes for a Xaml node and regenerates the xaml node based on the IDE's xml formatting policy.
MFractor uses the following rules when sorting:

 * Attributes that declare an xml namespace are ordered first, sorted alphabetically ascending. For example `xmlns:forms="http://xamarin.com/schemas/2014/forms"` will appear before `xmlns:x="http://schemas.microsoft.com/winfx/2009/xaml"`.
 * Attributes that belong to the Microsoft Xaml schema `http://schemas.microsoft.com/winfx/2009/xaml` are ordered next. For example, the `x:Class` or `x:Name` declaration.
 * Attributes belonging to the default namespace are ordered next, sorted alphabetically ascending.
 * Attributes belonging to the other namespaces are then ordered next, sorted by namespace ascending and then by attribute name ascending.


