
##Xamarin.Forms Xaml Refactoring
*A complete list of all Xaml code generators and refactorings in MFractor for Xamarin.Forms.
Please note that code issue fixes are not included in this document. Please see [analysers.md](analysers.md). - 10 refactorings*

*(Autogenerated by MFractor v2.8.0.0)*
##Generate
###Generate Resource Dictionary
** Scope: Xml Node **
The **Generate Resource Dictionary** refactoring adds a `MyView.ResourceDictionary` property with a nested resource dictionary to any Xaml node that derives from `Xamarin.Forms.VisualElement` or is the root application class. Developers can quickly add a resource dictionary in just a few keystrokes; this is especially useful when you need to add a resource dictionary to the root xaml node on a control or page.

###Implement View Model
** Scope: Document Wide **
When a Xamarin.Forms xaml document has unimplemented bindings, this refactoring allows a developer to implement them all in a few clicks.
The 'Implement View Model' refactoring will gather all unimplemented binding expressions, generate the properties (optionally with backing fields), generate the commands and then insert the code into the binding context for the view.

If there is no associated binding context for the Xaml view, this refactoring will also generate the class. The naming convention will be [XamlFileName]ViewMode minus the Page or View comoponent; for example, LoginPage would create a class named LoginViewModel and PasswordDialogView would create a class named PasswordDialogViewModel.

##Refactor
###Edit Inline Color
** Scope: Xml Attribute **
This action let's you select any attribute that expects a `Xamarin.Forms.Color` and let's you edit it using a color editor dialog.

###Extract Attribute Value Into Property Binding
** Scope: Xml Attribute **
When a Xaml attribute is initialised by a literal value (rather than an expression), this refactoring action allows a developer to extract that literal value as a property into the binding context and replace the attribute initialiser with a binding expression.

For example, given the attribute initialiser `Text="Hello Xamarin.Forms!"`, this refactoring would generate a user named property (EG: Message) in the binding context, initiliase it with the string literal `"Message"` and replace the attribute value with the binding expresion `{Binding Message}`.

##Organise
###Collapse Attributes Onto Same Line
** Scope: Xml Node **
This refactoring will collapse all the attributes for a Xaml node onto the same line as the nodes name declaration.

###Collapse Node
** Scope: Xml Node **
When a Xaml node has a closing tag and no children (eg: `<MyNode> </MyNode>`), this refactoring allows the developer to remove the closing tag to make the node self-closing. For example, when applied to the node `<MyNode> ... </MyNode>`, the closing tag `</MyNode>` is removed and the element becomes self closing like so: `<MyNode/>`.

###Expand Attributes Onto Separate Lines
** Scope: Xml Node **
This refactoring will expand all the attributes for a Xaml node onto a separate line for each attribute.

For example, gi

###Expand Node
** Scope: Xml Node **
When a Xaml node is self-closing (EG `<MyNode/>`), this organise refactoring allows a developer to generate a closing tag for the node. For example, the node `<MyNode/>` would become `<MyNode> ... </MyNode>` after applying this refactoring.

###Simplify Static Member Assignment
** Scope: Xml Attribute **
Attributes that accept a class instance can be assigned long hand by using the type and instance name that will be used for the assignement.For example, when assigning VerticalOptions it's perfectly reasonable to use the long hand form of 'LayoutOptions.CentreAndExpand'.This refactoring action strips out the leading type specifier and reduces the assignment to just 'CentreAndExpand'

###Sort Xaml Attributes
** Scope: Xml Node **
This refactoring sorts the attributes for a Xaml node and regenerates the xaml node based on the IDE's xml formatting policy.
MFractor uses the following rules when sorting:

 * Attributes that declare an xml namespace are ordered first, sorted alphabetically ascending. For example `xmlns:forms="http://xamarin.com/schemas/2014/forms"` will appear before `xmlns:x="http://schemas.microsoft.com/winfx/2009/xaml"`.
 * Attributes that belong to the Microsoft Xaml schema `http://schemas.microsoft.com/winfx/2009/xaml` are ordered next. For example, the `x:Class` or `x:Name` declaration.
 * Attributes belonging to the default namespace are ordered next, sorted alphabetically ascending.
 * Attributes belonging to the other namespaces are then ordered next, sorted by namespace ascending and then by attribute name ascending.


