
##Release Notes - v2.11.0

**TO BE DECIDED**

**[Download MFractor 2.11.0](http://addins.mfractor.com/releases/2.11.00/MFractor.MFractor_2.11.00.mpack)**

##Introduction

This is a summary of the changes introduced in v2.11.0 of MFractor for Xamarin Studio.

This release introduces the ability to configure MFractor through `mfractor.config`; this enables developers to change MFractor's behaviour when refactoring, analysing and generating code.

The configuration engine allows you to customise the internals of MFractor to generate code specific to your project. Initially we are limiting the amount of options that are exposed but over time we will drastically increase the flexibility of MFractors code generation engine.

How does it work? Let's consider the following configuration file:

```
<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" ?>
<mfractor>
	<configure id="com.mfractor.code_gen.forms.csharp.instance_property">
		<property name="CodeSnippet" value="Snippets/property.txt"/>
	</configure>
    <configure id="com.mfractor.code_action.forms.implement_view_model">
		<property name="BaseClass" value="MyNamespace.ViewModels.ViewModelBase"/>
	</configure>
</mfractor>
```

Let's examine each of these elements:

   - We open a configuration file with the `<mfractor>` tag; this is just ceremony to denote to MFractor this is it's config file.
   - We **target** a configurable by using the `<configure>` element:
    - The `id` attribute specifies the unique identifier of the configurable we wish to modify. This could be a code action, a code generator or an analysis routine.
   - We **modify** a property using the `<property>` element:
    - The `name` attribute specifies the configurable property we wish to edit.
    - The `value` attribute specifies the value we wish to set the property to.

Some configurables

You might notice that the structure of docs.mfractor.com has drastically changed. This new site structure enables you to easily explore the code actions, analysis and code generation exposed by MFractor and is logically grouped in the same way the configuration engine groups elements. We now include the configuration identifier for **all** code actions and analysers as well as a list of the configurable properties for any element in MFractor.

A full tutorial on the configuration engine can be found in the **Customisation and Configuration** page.

##Features

   - The new `mfractor.config` config file enables customisation the code generated by MFractor. Create a new file named `mfractor.config` at the root level of your project and influence MFractor's internals using the `<configure id="com.mfractor.XXX"/>` and `<property name="Name" value="Value"/>` syntax. A full tutorial on `mfractor.config` is available here. (TODO: Add tutorial on configuration files)
   - **New Code Analysers**
    - Detect when a `ContentView` has multiple child elements.
    - Detect when a `ContentPage` has multiple child elements.
    - Detect when a `MyView.Resources` resource dictionary setter contains anything but a `ResourceDictionary` declaration.
   - **New Code Generators**
    - When on a `<Grid.RowDefinitions>` element, the new code generator **Add RowDefinition** will insert a new row definition element.
    - When on a `<Grid.ColumnDefinitions>` element, the new code generator **Add ColumnDefinition** will insert a new column definition element.
   - **New Refactorings**
   - **New Code Organisation**
    - When the root xaml node has unused namespaces, activate **Removed Unused Namespaces** to cleanup all unused xaml namespaces.
   - **New Code Fixes**
    - When a `MyView.Resources` property setter contains anything but a `ResourceDictionary` declaration allow the user to wrap the element declarations with a resource dictionary.

##Enhancements

 - Only show code fixes in the quick fix menu when it's activated over a code issue. This reduces noise and improves usability.
 - In Xaml, color literals (EG: #AAA) are now underlined with the color value. This makes it easy to visually see the color at a glance.
 - Press `Alt+Shift+1` to jump to the **view model** for a code behind or xaml view.
 - Press `Alt+Shift+2` to jump to the **code behind** for a view model or xaml view.
 - Press `Alt+Shift+3` to jump to the **xaml view** for a code behind or view model.
 - Significantly improved speed/performance of the MVVM navigation shortcut suite.

##Bug Fixes

 - Fixed: Generate code files into shared projects when the source xaml is in a shared project.
 - Fixed: Don't allow view model creation from the App.xaml
 - Fixed: Don't check for x:Key attributes on `<Style/>` elements; no x:Key means the style is the implicit control style.
 - Fixed: Detect .NET symbol references that are within attributes whose type is `System.Type` to include them in namespace refactoring and unused namespace detection.
 - Fixed: Move *Implement View Model* to the root node to reduce code action noise.
