
##Release Notes - v2.9.0

**TO BE DECIDED**

**[Download MFractor 2.9.0](http://addins.mfractor.com/releases/2.09.00/MFractor.MFractor_2.09.00.mpack)**

##Introduction

This is a summary of the changes introduced in v2.9.0 of MFractor for Xamarin Studio.

This release focuses on keeping your Xaml tidy... you can now rename xaml namespaces, align the naming of duplicate namespace imports, rename page resources and format your entire Xaml document.

It's also easier than ever to build out custom controls, the new **Implement Missing Members** code generator can bulk implement properties or bindable properties onto custom views in your Xaml. No need to hand code bindable properties!

Hold onto your socks!

TODO: Gif of new features (document sorting, member generation, namespace refactoring, static resource refactoring)

##Features

   - **New Refactorings**
    - Right click on an `xmlns` declaration on the root node and select **Refactor** -> **Rename Xaml Namespace** to rename all occurrences of that namespace in the doc!
    - Right click on the `x:Key` attribute in a resource dictionary entry and select **Refactor** -> **Rename Static Resource** to rename all occurrences of that static resource! *This does not work from the scope of the App.xaml; this only functions locally within a page.*
   - **New Code Organisers**
    - Right click on the root xaml node and select **Organise** -> **Format** to organise your entire xaml document.
   - **New Code Generators**
    - Quickly build out Grids by using the **Insert Row Definitions** and **Insert Column Definitions** actions.
    - Bulk implement missing properties on a class by right clicking on the xaml node with the missing members and selecting **Implement missing members**.
   - **New Xaml Analysers**
    - Detect if the root xaml element uses a `x:Name` attribute as this is redundant.
    - Detect duplicate xaml namespaces that reference the same namespace and assembly.
    - Detect when the xaml views code behind class derives from a different type than what is declared by it's root element.
    - Detect when a resource dictionary (`x:Key`) is not referenced by a `StaticResource` expression within the scope of its parent node. *This does not work from the scope of the App.xaml; this only functions locally within a page.*
   - **New Code Fixes**
    - When a xaml namespace references the same namespace and assembly, you can now rename all duplicate namespace declarations to a certain namespace to align the usages in your xaml.

##Enhancements

 - FreshMVVM style page models (EG: LoginPageModel) are now supported for view <-> view model <-> code behind association.
 - The **Implement View Model** code generator will Notes be visible within the **Generate** menu until an unimplemented binding is detected. Previously it would activate for Xaml views that had no inferred or defined binding context (typically a custom control), causing noise in the **Generate** menu.

##Bug Fixes

 - Undefined StaticResource detection has been disabled in this release.
 - Fixed: When generating view models, if a binding expression was within an undefined control property, the refactoring would fail as it could not resolve the member type. Undefined properties will now auto-generate using `System.Object`.
 - Fixed: When generating a static property from an x:Static expression whose outer attribute is unresolved, now default to use `System.Object`.
 - Fixed: When generating members or static properties onto a code behind class, sometimes the insertion point would jump to the xaml.g.cs auto-generated class.
