
##Release Notes - v2.8.0

**12th February 2017**

**[Download MFractor 2.8.0](http://addins.mfractor.com/releases/2.08.00/MFractor.MFractor_2.08.00.mpack)**

##Introduction

This is a summary of the changes introduced in v2.8.0 of MFractor for Xamarin Studio.

This release focuses on adding new refactoring and code generation actions into the Xaml editor.

You can now sort your xaml, edit colors interactively, extract and replace values with binding expressions and more:


##Features

   - **New Refactorings**
    - Right click on a xaml attribute property that's a `System.Drawing.Color` or a `Xamarin.Forms.Color` and edit it using the color selection dialog. This action won't be available if the attribute value is an expression.
    - Right click on a xaml attribute property that has a literal value and extract it into a `Binding` expression. This action is not available if the attribute value is an expression or the attribute does not have a corresponding bindable property.
    - **Organise Refactorings:**
        - The *Collapse Xaml Attributes* refactoring will collapse all xaml attributes onto the same line as the parent xaml node.
        - The *Expand Xaml Attributes* refactoring will expand all xaml attributes onto separate lines.
        - The *Sort Xaml Attributes* refactoring will sort the attributes for a xaml node by namespace and name.
        - The *Expand Node* refactoring takes a self-closing xaml node and generate a closing tag for it.
        - The *Collapse Node* refactoring takes a xaml node with no children and a closing tag and removes the closing tag to make the node self-closing.
   - **New Code Generators**
    - Right click on an xaml node that inherits from `Xamarin.Forms.VisualElement` or `Xamarin.Forms.Application` and select **Add Resource Dictionary** to generate a resource dictionary for that element.
   - **New Xaml Analysers**
    - Detect when an `x:Name` code-behind field declaration is empty.

##Enhancements

 - This release targets Xamarin Studio v6.1.5
 - Hover over a xaml attribute property that's a `System.Drawing.Color` or a `Xamarin.Forms.Color` to see the color value inside the tooltip.
 - The Android SDK meta-data has been removed from MFractor.mpack; you can download and update the sdk meta-data through the **Help** -> **MFractor** -> **Install Android SDK Meta-Data** menu item.

##Bug Fixes

 - Correctly validate the type provided to x:TypeArguments; there was a bug in the type checking algorithm.
 - Don't allow the 'Simplify' refactoring to run against expressions.
 - Fix multiple type conversion checking bugs in the ValueConversion attribute validation.
