
##Release Notes - v3.0.0

**23rd May 2017**

**[Download MFractor 3.0.0](http://addins.mfractor.com/releases/3.00.00/MFractor.MFractor_3.00.00.mpack)**

##Introduction

This is a summary of the changes introduced in v3.0.0 of MFractor for Visual Studio Mac.

**This release supports Visual Studio for Mac.**

This release adds the ability to control MFractor through configuration files; this enables developers to change MFractor's behavior when refactoring, analyzing and generating code.

##Features

   - [Visual Studio For Mac Support!](https://www.mfractor.com/blogs/news/introducing-mfractor-for-visual-studio-mac)
   - **Premium Only** The new config file system enables customization the code generated by MFractor. Create a new file with the extension `.mfc` or `.mfc.xml` in your project and influence MFractor's internals using the `<configure id="com.mfractor.XXX"/>` and `<property name="Name" value="Value"/>` syntax. A full tutorial on configuration is [available here].
   - **New Code Analysers**
    - Detect when a `ContentView` has multiple child elements.
    - Detect when a `ContentPage` has multiple child elements.
    - Detect when a `MyView.Resources` resource dictionary setter contains anything but a `ResourceDictionary` declaration.
   - **New Code Generators**
    - When on a `<Grid.RowDefinitions>` element, the new code generator **Add RowDefinition** will insert a new row definition element.
    - When on a `<Grid.ColumnDefinitions>` element, the new code generator **Add ColumnDefinition** will insert a new column definition element.
   - **New Code Organisation**
    - When the root xaml node has unused namespaces, activate **Removed Unused Namespaces** to cleanup all unused xaml namespaces.
   - **New Code Fixes**
    - When a `MyView.Resources` property setter contains anything but a `ResourceDictionary` declaration allow the user to wrap the element declarations with a resource dictionary.
		- When the result of a binding expression does not match the input type of the outer attribute and a value converter has a `ValueConversion` that resolves it, generate a `Converter=` expression and import the value converter as resource.
		- When the result of a binding expression does not match the input type of the outer attribute, generate an `IValueConverter` implementation that resolves the type-flow, generate a `Converter=` expression and import the value converter as resource.

##Enhancements

 - Android Layout analysis and IntelliSense has been disabled. It interfered with the stock Xamarin IntelliSense and regressed the layout editors user experience. This will be revisited at a later date.
 - Only show code fixes in the quick fix menu when it's activated over a code issue. This reduces noise and improves usability.
 - In Xaml, color literals (EG: #AAA) are now underlined with the color value. This makes it easy to visually see the color at a glance.
 - Press `Alt+Shift+1` to jump to the **view model** for a code behind or xaml view.
 - Press `Alt+Shift+2` to jump to the **code behind** for a view model or xaml view.
 - Press `Alt+Shift+3` to jump to the **xaml view** for a code behind or view model.
 - Significantly improved speed/performance of the MVVM navigation shortcut suite.
 - The **Simply Static Assignment** organise code action has been removed as it added no tangible value.

##Bug Fixes

 - Fixed: Passing `.` into a binding expression to reference the binding context would cause an analysis error. Using `.` will now correctly resolve to the binding context.
 - Fixed: MFractor now detects when the `BindingContext` of a Xaml element is specified using a property setter node (`<View.BindingContext> <vm:MyViewModel> </View.BindingContext>`).
 - Fixed: Generate code files into shared projects when the source xaml is in a shared project.
 - Fixed: Don't allow view model creation from the App.xaml.
 - Fixed: Don't check for x:Key attributes on `<Style/>` elements; no x:Key means the style is the implicit control style.
 - Fixed: Detect .NET symbol references that are within attributes whose type is `System.Type` to include them in namespace refactoring and unused namespace detection.
