
##Release Notes - v3.1.0

**TO BE DECIDED**

**[Download MFractor 3.1.0](http://addins.mfractor.com/releases/3.01.00/MFractor.MFractor_3.01.00.mpack)**

##Introduction

This is a summary of the changes introduced in v3.1.0 of MFractor for Visual Studio Mac.

This release of MFractor adds a new on-boarding window to make it as easy as possible to learn to use MFractor. We've also added a suite of new premium features for C# and Android, a **heap** of bug fixes and a few handy XAML refactorings.

Lastly, we are slowly working through the documentation and adding a comprehensive explanation for each MFractor feature.

## Features

 - **Onboarding Window**: When MFractor is first installed, after activation, we now have an activation window to teach you the fundamentals of MFractor.
 - **XAML Code Actions**
    - Quickly migrate to the new `OnPlatform` methodology with the [Migrate OnPlatform Usage](/code-actions/xaml/refactor/#migrate-onplatform-usage) code action.
    - Generate a new view from an unknown XAML node as a XAML view and code behind class.

## Premium Features

- **C# Code Actions**
    - Implement all of a base classes constructors onto the class. See [Implement Base Class Constructors](/code-actions/csharp/#implement-base-class-constructors).
    - When a class ends with `Attribute`, use the [Make Class Inherit From System.Attribute](/code-actions/csharp/#make-class-inherit-from-systemattribute) code action to add attribute inheritance.
    - Quickly assign closely named constructor arguments to fields and properties using the [Assign Constructor Argument To Member](/code-actions/csharp/#assign-constructor-argument-to-member) C# code action.
    - Use [Annotate With Attribute Usage](/code-actions/csharp/#annotate-with-attribute-usage) to add a `AttributeUsage` attribute to a class that inherits from `System.Attribute`.
    - Use the [Create Immutable Constructor](/code-actions/csharp/#create-immutable-constructor) code action to generate a constructor that initializes all readonly fields from constructor arguments.
- **Android C# Code Diagnostics**
    - Detect when a developer tries to manually create an `Activity` with new statement. See [Incorrect Activity Creation](/code-analysis/csharp/android/#incorrect-activity-creation).
    - Detect when a developer directly implements the `IJavaObject` interface instead of inheriting from `Java.Lang.Object`. See [Class Derives From IJavaObject](/code-analysis/csharp/android#class-derives-from-ijavaobject).
    - Detect when a subclass of `Android.App.Application` is missing the peer connection constructor. See [Application Requires Peer Connection Constructor](/code-analysis/csharp/android/#application-requires-peer-connection-constructor).
    - [Activity icons should be a mip map not a drawable](/code-analysis/csharp/android/#activity-icon-should-be-mip-map).
- **Xamarin.Forms C# Code Diagnostics**
    - When using the `ExportRendererAttribute`, validate that the first argument is a view or view cell and the second argument is a renderer. See [Incorrect Activity Creation](/code-analysis/csharp/xamarin-forms/#validate-exportrendererattribute-usages).

## Enhancements

 - Added a **Feedback** menu into the **Help** -> **MFractor** menu. Use this menu to file bug reports and feature requests.
 - The [Generate Property Into Class](/code-actions/xaml/fix/#generate-property-into-class) now infers the type of the new property based on the attributes value. This behaviour can be disabled through the configuration engine.
 - Issues that detect redundant XAML now gray out that code section.
 - Issues that detect code improvements now underline that code segment.
 - Significantly improved analysis times for XAML documents.
 - Improved and reduced memory consumption across the entire product.
 - The following code analysers have been removed:
    - Detect when an abstract class was used in XAML. This caused false errors.
    - Detect when the root XAML node has an x:Name declaration; it's likely the developer wants to reference

## Bug Fixes

 - Fixed: Often the XAML analyser would fail to remove code-issue markers.
 - Fixed: Custom markup extension symbols would not be detected and would cause the unused XAML namespace analyser to trigger.
 - Fixed: The Android resource tooltips would not render over C# resource usages. EG: `Resource.Layout.myLayout`.
 - Fixed: Image tooltips now work in shared proejcts.
 - Fixed: Image tooltips now work when the image source is referring to a nested image under a folder. EG: "Icons/logo.png" inside the iOS Resources folder.
 - Fixed: Using the `ListView CachingStrategy` property in XAML no longer generates an unknown property warning./
 - Fixed: Multiple potential null access that would cause the XAML analyser to fail.
