##Release Notes - v3.2.0

**TO BE DECIDED*

**[Download MFractor 3.2.0](http://addins.mfractor.com/releases/3.02.00/MFractor.MFractor_3.02.00.mpack)**

##Introduction

This is a summary of the changes introduced in v3.2.0 of MFractor for Visual Studio Mac.

This release focuses on adding killer tools for working with images. We've added an import image wizard to make it dead-simple to bring images into your Android, iOS and Xamarin.Forms apps. You can access the image wizard through the **Tools** main menu and then selecting **Import Image Wizard**.

We've also decided to make all XAML code analysers part of the Lite tier and move all code actions and code fixes into the Professional tier.

We've also added lots of XAML analysers

## Lite Features

 - Grid Analysis Support:
    - Check that value used in `Grid.RowSpan` usages don't extend beyond the amount of rows declared by the grid.
    - Check that value used in `Grid.ColumnSpan` usages don't extend beyond the amount of columns declared by the grid.
    - Check that value used in `Grid.Row` usages doesn't access a row outside the the amount of rows declared by the grid.
    - Check that value used in `Grid.Column` usages doesn't access a column outside the the amount of column declared by the grid.
 - Command Parameter Analysis Support:
 - ScrollView Analysis Support:

## Professional Features

 - Use the new Import Image Wizard to import Android, iOS and Xamarin.Forms images into your app painlessly. See [Working With Images](working-with-images.md)

## Enhancements

 - The C# code diagnostic that inspected usages of `ExportRendererAttribute` has been disabled. It was causing false warnings and added no tangible benefit.
 - Significantly reduced XAML analysis time through aggressive caching strategies in each analysis pass. This slightly increases MFractors memory overhead.
 - Increased branding presence throughout the product so that it's clearer when MFractor is providing functionality instead of VS Mac.

## Bug Fixes

 - Fixed: When a folder path is used in a config file for a new code file, MFractor will now create that folder when it's missing instead of silently failing.
