##Release Notes * v3.3.0

**TO BE DECIDED**

## Introduction

This is a summary of the changes introduced in v3.3.0 of MFractor for Visual Studio Mac.

This standout feature in this release is the addition of code snippet support. Got a particular way you write your view model properties or commands? MFractor now lets you use your own code snippet, enabling complete customisation!

We've also added a localisation wizard that will quickly move string literals into ResX files, several handy code actions and a update notification dialog that let's you know when new MFractor releases are available.

## Features

 * A localisation wizard for XAML and C# so you can quickly move strings into ResX files.
 * Code Snippets are now generally supported throughout MFractor. They are available for:
    * View Model Properties.
    * Bindable Properties.
    * Command Implementations.
    * Routing Effects.
    * Platform Specific Effects.
    * Value Converters.
    * Value Conversion Attribute.
    * Code Behind class declarations.
 * Use the *Extract XAML layout into new control* code action to move a XAML section into its own code file.
 * Use the *Generate Platform Effect* code action to easily generate the routing effect and platform effects.
 * Use the *Generate interface implementation* code action to quickly create a new class implementation from an existing C# interface;
 * The *Add `UsesLayout` to class code action* will append an `MFractor.Annotations.Android.UsesLayout` annotation to an Android class to specify the layout that class uses. Use this to quickly enable MFractors Android layout usage validation.
 * Support for config files that are included within a nuget packages build folder. Framework authors can now include an MFractor config to enforce their framework standards by including a file named `.mfc.xml` in the packages build folder.

## Enhancements

 * Support for Visual Studio Mac 7.2 + 7.3
 * Support for Roslyn 2.3.
 * MFractor now regularly checks for updates against the addin server and let's you know when there's been a new release.
 * Enhanced code completion for MFractor configuration files.
 * Code analysis for MFractor configuration files to check for common gotchas.
 * Specify a new width and height for the highest density when you import an image with the importing wizard.
 * The `Generate constructor for all readonly members` will now include constructor arguments for auto properties as well as readonly fields.
 * The empty XAML attribute and node analysers have been removed as they were plain annoying (and frequently incorrect).
 * MFractor Lite now allows up to 5 pro feature uses per day.
 * Internally, MFractor now uses Roslyn's concept of text spans instead of line/columns. This significantly reduces MFractors memory footprint and improves the speed of all analysers.
 * The following features are now professional only:
    * Image tooltips.
    * Go To View Model, Go To Code Behind and Go To View.
    * Android resource IntelliSense.
 * Significantly expanded documentation, we now, where possible, show a preview of the code MFractor will generate under default settings.
 * Branded MFractor code completion.

## Bug Fixes

 * Fixed: MFractor no longer bundles the Microsoft.CodeAnalysis (Roslyn) assemblies into its distribution package. This caused critical issues in VSMac 7.2 😱
 * Fixed: Upgraded MFractor to use Microsoft.CodeAnalysis (Roslyn) 2.3. This required several code generators to be upgraded.
 * Fixed: A regression in the *Migrate OnPlatform* code action caused it to failed.
 * Fixed: When generating property bindings with a string value, the string would inserted as syntax rather than a string literal in the view model. (EG: `"mystring"`).
 * Fixed: When generating a bindable property, MFractor would always use `bool` as the instance property type.
 * Fixed: The XAML analyser would frequently fail to infer the BindingContext. It now uses the same MVVM resolution logic as the MVVM shortcuts.
 * Fixed: The ValueConversionAttribute would occasionally fail to generate.
 * Fixed: The Android XML text editor would always trigger license notifications.

## Deprecations

 * The configurable property `ImplementConversionForConvert` on the value converter generator is deprecated and has been removed. Please use the code snippet to control the `Convert` method body.
 * The configurable property `ImplementConversionForConvertBack` on the value converter generator is deprecated and has been removed. Please use the code snippet to control the `ConvertBack` method body.
