!!! quote "Release notes for our 4.0 versions of MFractor for Visual Studio Mac"

!!! warning "About installation and upgrade to latest version"
    Currently there's a bug on the Visual Studio for Mac Extension Gallery where MFractor is stuck on an older version. We are working with Microsoft on a fix for this issue. To get the latest versions of MFractor please check the **[Installation and Setup page](/installation-and-setup#installation-file)** for instructions on manual installation and update.

## v4.0.14

**Released on May 4th 2020**

Service release to align Mac version to Windows.

## v4.0.13

**Released on April 20th 2020**

Service release to expand the font tooling, new XAML analysers and improved performance for the XAML analyser.

**Features**

 * Font string preview tooltips.
 * Embedded font tooltips.
 * Go to definition support for fonts that opens the font viewer.
 * Analyser to verify the content of a refresh view is scrollable.
 * Analyser to verify the content that the platform specified by an `On` element is a known platform.
 * Analyser to verify that a referenced embedded font is defined.
 * Analyser to detect when a C# style newline (`\n`) is used within XAML and warn that it is not escaped.

 **Issues Fixed:**

 * Fixed: The XAML analyser would always re-analyse the document if it's window lost focus and then regained it.
 * Fixed: The XAML analyser would not re-analyse the document after a solution sync had finished.

## v4.0.12
**Released on April 18th 2020**

Service release to hotfix an XML syntax transformation failure and adds MobileBuildTools image support.

**Features**

 * Support for [MobileBuildTools](https://mobilebuildtools.com/) style image assets in all image features.

 **Issues Fixed:**

  * Fixed: XML syntax refactorings would not work.
  * Fixed: The XAML analyser no longer flags the design schema as unknown when inspecting properties.

## v4.0.11
**Released on April 14th 2020**

Service release to improve font tool suite by adding a font viewer pad and support for embedded font assets.

**Features**

 * The new font viewer pad allows you to visually explore the content of a font asset.
 * Support for embedded font assets in font analysis, IntelliSense and tooltips.
 * When setting the `BindingContext` for a control, new shorthand completion that provides available x:Name fields to create a `{x:Reference fieldName}` expression.

## v4.0.10
**Released on April 10th 2020**

Service release to add color consolidation analysis and refactorings and support for UWP in the image manager.

**Features**

 * Color consolidation analyser finds colors usages throughout your app and notifies you when you could merge them into a single static resource.
 * Color consolidation refactorings to batch replace all duplicate color values with a static resource.
 * UWP support for the font importer.
 * UWP support for the image manager.
 * UWP support for the delete image asset tool.
 * When using a custom font and a static resource to resolve the glyph code, MFractor can now render a preview of that glyph.

 **Issues Fixed:**

  * Fixed: The choose file dialog doesn't disappear when importing a license.
  * Fixed: Using `x:Reference` to refer to the root XAML element as a binding context would generate binding validation errors.

## v4.0.9

**Released on 8th of April 2020**

Hotfix to address thickness simplification analysis bug showing too many warnings.

## v4.0.8

**Released on 7th of April 2020**

Service release to add thickness consolidation and significant performance improvements to the XAML analysis engine.

**Features**

 * Thickness consolidation analyser finds thickness usages throughout your app and notifies you when you could merge them into a single static resource.
 * Thickness consolidation refactorings to batch replace all duplicate thickness values with a static resource.

**Enhancements**

  * Significant reduction in memory consumption when MFractor analysis XAML and a 400% improvement in performance times.

## v4.0.7

**Released on 29th of March 2020**

 Service release to add the [Create class from clipboard tool](/csharp/create-class-from-clipboard) and Resizetizer image asset support.

## v4.0.6

**Released on 24th of March 2020**

Service release to support Visual Studio Mac 8.5 and adds

**Features**

 * Insert row/column code actions.
 * Delete row/column code actions.

**Enhancements**

 * All of MFractors code actions are now grouped under a single **MFractor Code Actions** menu. This makes it easier to discover our code actions.
 * New code fix to remove all redundant grid row and columns.

## v4.0.5

**Released on 19th of March 2020**

Service release to fix bugs in color and grid adornments.

**Enhancements**

 * When editing inside an OnPlatform element, MFractor now suggests the available platforms as completions.

**Issues Fixed:**

 * Fixed: Grid adornments with double digits are no longer clipped.
 * Fixed: Show color elaborations on black and white. [#195](https://github.com/mfractor/mfractor-feedback/issues/195)
 * Fixed: Grid adornments should honor IDE theme (dark vs light).
 * Fixed: MFractor doesn't correctly recognize type of binding source. [#194](https://github.com/mfractor/mfractor-feedback/issues/194).
 * Fixed: MVVM Wizard - Color Coding the XAML File Previewer. [#119](https://github.com/mfractor/mfractor-feedback/issues/179).

## v4.0.4
**Released on 17th of March 2020**

Adds adornments for grid indices and color values.

**Enhancements:**

 * MFractor now adds an annotation before a Row/Column definition to show it's index.
 * MFractor now adds a color annotation alongside color values to show the color inline.

## v4.0.3
**Released on 10th of March 2020**

Adds several new XAML analysers, improves performance/memory usage and introduces a new C# refactoring.

**Enhancements:**

 * We've retired the legacy way we resolved symbols in XAML files to significantly in improve performance and memory consumption in XAML analysis, tooltips, code actions and IntelliSense.
 * Code Analysis:
   * When a ViewCell is used inside a CollectionView, MFractor will warn you that it is obsolete.
   * MFractor now inspects the Glyph codes used with a FontFamily and verify the glyph exists in the font.
 * Code Issue Fixes:
   * When a style resource does not exists, use the create style fix to start the style wizard and create a new one.
 * Refactorings:
   * Swap event handler binding between `+=` and `-=`.

## v4.0.2
**Released on 2nd of March 2020**

Adds x:DataType support to binding context resolution and font glyph tooltips and IntelliSense.

**Enhancements:**

 * When hovering over a font glyph code and MFractor can resolve the font family, a tooltip preview of that glyph will now be shown.
 * When editing string values and the font applied has glyphs, MFractor now suggests the font glyphs in IntelliSense.

**Issues Fixed:**

 * Fixed: MFractor now supports binding context resolution using x:DataType.

## v4.0.1
**Released on 24th of February 2020**

Fixes bugs in extract style and convert stack layout to grid refactorings.

**Issues Fixed:**

 * Fixed: Horizontal stack layouts would generate broken code when converting to a grid.
 * Fixed: Do not include `Text` properties when extracting a style.

## v4.0.0
**Released on 20th of February 2020**

MFractor 4.0.0 is a marketing release to announce the launch of MFractor for Visual Studio Windows.

**Features:**

 * Our New onboarding dialog to welcome you after installing.
