!!! quote "Release notes for our 4.3 versions of MFractor for Visual Studio Mac"

## v4.3.0

**Released on May 27th 2020**

MFractor 4.3 for Visual Studio Mac is a major release that includes several new features, bug fixes and overall product improvements.

**Features**

 * **XAML Color Palette**: Use the XAML color palette to visualise all colors used in your XAML for a particular project.
 * **Navigation Tooltip Links:** When MFractor can perform a navigation action for the current element, the new `Navigate To` link will appear in the tooltip.
 * **Code Analysis Help Links**: When a code inspection has a help file available, you can now click on the Help link in the tooltip window to learn more about it.
 * **SVG Tooltips:** Hover over an SVG file reference or SVG path data and MFractor will now show you a preview of that svg. (Mac Only)
 * **Localisation Tooltips for C# and XAML:** When a property maps to a `.resx` localisation lookup, MFractor will display a summary of all localisations for that key.

 **Issues Fixed:**

  * Fixed: Add support for the `XmlnsDefinition` attribute [#98](https://github.com/mfractor/mfractor-feedback/issues/98)
  * Fixed: The Create new Style code action should trigger the Create New Style window instead of a blank one. [#277](https://github.com/mfractor/mfractor-feedback/issues/277)
  * Fixed: Unable to find Carousel `IndicatorView` (false warning). [#289](https://github.com/mfractor/mfractor-feedback/issues/289)
  * Fixed: The NavigateToFileSpansWorkUnitHandler is not implemented (breaks go to custom renderer). [#245](https://github.com/mfractor/mfractor-feedback/issues/245)
  * Fixed: Enhancement localistion tool. [#134](https://github.com/mfractor/mfractor-feedback/issues/134)
     * When over a localisation expression, show localisation values summary in a tooltip.
     * Go to definition support for localisation expressions.
     * Code action to move a string literal to a RESX file (new or existing).
  * Ongoing performance and memory improvements:
     * Removing (most) usages of `Task.Run` to prevent MFractor generating unnecessary threads.
     * Pre-caching/pre-populating as much state as possible when performing XAML analysis.
     * More use of `Lazy<T>` to defer or avoid the cost of expensive resolution operations.
  * XAML Localisation: Removed dependency on deprecated ILocalise methodology and move to `.resx` files.
