docs/code-actions/xaml/organise.md, before:

## Xamarin.Forms Xaml Organisation
*Autogenerated by MFractor v3.0.16*
## Collapse Attributes Onto Same Line

**Configuration Id: com.mfractor.code_actions.xaml.collapse_attributes_onto_same_line**

The **Collapse Attributes** code action will fold all attributes onto the same line for the XAML node under the cursor.

![Using the Collapse Attributes code action](/img/code-actions/forms/collapse-attributes.gif)


## Collapse Node

**Configuration Id: com.mfractor.code_actions.xaml.collapse_node_closing_tag**

When a Xaml node has a closing tag and no children (eg: `<MyNode> </MyNode>`), this refactoring allows the developer to remove the closing tag to make the node self-closing. For example, when applied to the node `<MyNode> ... </MyNode>`, the closing tag `</MyNode>` is removed and the element becomes self closing like so: `<MyNode/>`.


## Expand Attributes Onto Separate Lines

**Configuration Id: com.mfractor.code_actions.xaml.expand_attributes_onto_new_lines**

The **Expand Attributes** code action move all attributes onto seperate lines for the XAML node under the cursor.

![Using the Expand Attributes code action](/img/code-actions/forms/expand-attributes.gif)


## Expand Node

**Configuration Id: com.mfractor.code_actions.xaml.expand_node_with_closing_tag**

When a Xaml node is self-closing (EG `<MyNode/>`), this organise refactoring allows a developer to generate a closing tag for the node. For example, the node `<MyNode/>` would become `<MyNode> ... </MyNode>` after applying this refactoring.


## Format Xaml Document

**Configuration Id: com.mfractor.code_actions.xaml.format_document**

Applies the xml formatting policy to the entire document. It will correctly indent nodes, sort attributes, align attributes under the parent node.


### Uses:

 * [Sort Xaml Attributes](/code-generation/xaml.md#sort-xaml-attributes)


## Remove Unused Namespaces

**Configuration Id: com.mfractor.code_actions.xaml.remove_unused_namespaces**

When a xaml node has unused xml namespace declarations, this code action will remove all unused namespaces.


### Configurable Properties

| Name | Type | Defaults To | Description |
|------|------|-------------|-------------|
| **ShouldSort** | System.Boolean | `True` | If the attributes for this node should be sorted when the unused namespaces are removed |

### Uses:

 * [Sort Xaml Attributes](/code-generation/xaml.md#sort-xaml-attributes)


## Sort Xaml Attributes

**Configuration Id: com.mfractor.code_actions.xaml.sort_attributes**

This **Sort Attribute** code actions sorts the attributes for a Xaml node and then recreates the xaml node based on the IDE's xml formatting policy.

![Using the sort attributes code action](/img/code-actions/forms/sort-attributes.gif)

MFractor uses the following rules when sorting:

 * Attributes that declare an xml namespace are ordered first, sorted alphabetically ascending. For example `xmlns:forms=\"http://xamarin.com/schemas/2014/forms\"` will appear before `xmlns:x=\"http://schemas.microsoft.com/winfx/2009/xaml\"`.
 * Attributes that belong to the Microsoft Xaml schema `http://schemas.microsoft.com/winfx/2009/xaml` are ordered next. For example, the `x:Class` or `x:Name` declaration.
 * Attributes belonging to the default namespace are ordered next, sorted alphabetically ascending.
 * Attributes belonging to the other namespaces are then ordered next, sorted by namespace ascending and then by attribute name ascending.


### Uses:

 * [Sort Xaml Attributes](/code-generation/xaml.md#sort-xaml-attributes)

Commit message:

Update docs to include new code analysers and properties in 3.0.17 release

docs/code-actions/xaml/organise.md, after:

## Xamarin.Forms Xaml Organisation
*Autogenerated by MFractor v3.0.17*
## Collapse Attributes Onto Same Line

**Configuration Id: com.mfractor.code_actions.xaml.collapse_attributes_onto_same_line**

The **Collapse Attributes** code action will fold all attributes onto the same line for the XAML node under the cursor.

![Using the Collapse Attributes code action](/img/code-actions/forms/collapse-attributes.gif)


## Collapse Node

**Configuration Id: com.mfractor.code_actions.xaml.collapse_node_closing_tag**

When a Xaml node has a closing tag and no children (eg: `<MyNode> </MyNode>`), this refactoring allows the developer to remove the closing tag to make the node self-closing. For example, when applied to the node `<MyNode> ... </MyNode>`, the closing tag `</MyNode>` is removed and the element becomes self closing like so: `<MyNode/>`.


## Expand Attributes Onto Separate Lines

**Configuration Id: com.mfractor.code_actions.xaml.expand_attributes_onto_new_lines**

The **Expand Attributes** code action move all attributes onto seperate lines for the XAML node under the cursor.

![Using the Expand Attributes code action](/img/code-actions/forms/expand-attributes.gif)


## Expand Node

**Configuration Id: com.mfractor.code_actions.xaml.expand_node_with_closing_tag**

When a Xaml node is self-closing (EG `<MyNode/>`), this organise refactoring allows a developer to generate a closing tag for the node. For example, the node `<MyNode/>` would become `<MyNode> ... </MyNode>` after applying this refactoring.


## Format Xaml Document

**Configuration Id: com.mfractor.code_actions.xaml.format_document**

Applies the xml formatting policy to the entire document. It will correctly indent nodes, sort attributes, align attributes under the parent node.


### Configurable Properties

| Name | Type | Defaults To | Description |
|------|------|-------------|-------------|
| **AttributesOnSeparateLines** | System.Boolean | `False` | Should attributes be placed onto separate lines? |

### Uses:

 * [Sort Xaml Attributes](/code-generation/xaml.md#sort-xaml-attributes)


## Remove Unused Namespaces

**Configuration Id: com.mfractor.code_actions.xaml.remove_unused_namespaces**

When a xaml node has unused xml namespace declarations, this code action will remove all unused namespaces.


### Configurable Properties

| Name | Type | Defaults To | Description |
|------|------|-------------|-------------|
| **ShouldSort** | System.Boolean | `True` | If the attributes for this node should be sorted when the unused namespaces are removed |

### Uses:

 * [Sort Xaml Attributes](/code-generation/xaml.md#sort-xaml-attributes)


## Sort Xaml Attributes

**Configuration Id: com.mfractor.code_actions.xaml.sort_attributes**

This **Sort Attribute** code actions sorts the attributes for a Xaml node and then recreates the xaml node based on the IDE's xml formatting policy.

![Using the sort attributes code action](/img/code-actions/forms/sort-attributes.gif)

MFractor uses the following rules when sorting:

 * Attributes that declare an xml namespace are ordered first, sorted alphabetically ascending. For example `xmlns:forms=\"http://xamarin.com/schemas/2014/forms\"` will appear before `xmlns:x=\"http://schemas.microsoft.com/winfx/2009/xaml\"`.
 * Attributes that belong to the Microsoft Xaml schema `http://schemas.microsoft.com/winfx/2009/xaml` are ordered next. For example, the `x:Class` or `x:Name` declaration.
 * Attributes belonging to the default namespace are ordered next, sorted alphabetically ascending.
 * Attributes belonging to the other namespaces are then ordered next, sorted by namespace ascending and then by attribute name ascending.


### Uses:

 * [Sort Xaml Attributes](/code-generation/xaml.md#sort-xaml-attributes)
