!!! quote "Release notes for our 3.10 versions of MFractor for Visual Studio Mac"

## v3.10.4
**Released on 11th of February 2020**

This release adds our new onboarding dialog, adds a new legal main menu item and reduces the final package size of MFractor.

**Enhancements:**

 * A new onboarding dialog welcomes you when you first install MFractor.
 * A new Legal top level menu.
 * Smaller distributable package size thanks to the removal of some no longer needed assemblies.

**Issues Fixed:**

 * Fixed: Add Image Tooltip support for C# code and ImageSource Properties. [#189](https://github.com/mfractor/mfractor-feedback/issues/189)

## v3.10.3
**Released on 3rd of February 2020**

This release fixes many small XAML IntelliSense issues related to attribute value and attribute shorthand completions plus adds a grouping for MFractors commands.

**Enhancements:**

 * In the **Key Bindings** preferences, all MFractor commands are now grouped under an "MFractor" section.

**Issues Fixed:**

 * Fixed: MFractor's IntelliSense would not trigger when starting an attribute value with `"`.
 * Fixed: MFractor's IntelliSense would not trigger sometimes when starting a new attribute with a letter. You would need to manually start the session with `Control+Space`.
 * Fixed: Image assets are no longer suggested inside XAML expressions.
 * Fixed: XAML styles would incorrectly report style mismatches.

## v3.10.2
**Released on 28th of January 2020**

This release is a "bump" release to trigger Visual Studio Macs update mechanisms.

**Enhancements:**

 * When an MFractor feature is Professional only, show a much more obvious status message using the toolbar.

## v3.10.1
**Released on 23rd of January 2020**

Maintenance release to fix a bug in color analysis.

**Enhancements:**

 * We've trimmed down the size of the extensions by removing some unnecessary assets.
 * Third party attribution is now on docs.mfractor.com.

**Issues Fixed:**

 * Fixed: Small bug in color Intellisense warnings. [#184](https://github.com/mfractor/mfractor-feedback/issues/184).

## v3.10.0
**Released on 22nd of January 2020**

The v3.10.0 release focuses improving our on-boarding workflow, improving the UX and discoverability of code actions, adds tooltips for images and colors and includes better refactoring support for static resources.

**Features:**

 * Our new code issue tooltip window presents available fixes for a code issue in the tooltip. You can them click on the suggestion to apply the fix.
 * Color Tooltips in XAML.
    * Hover over a color value to preview the color.
    * When MFractor suggests color values via IntelliSense, it also provides a preview as a tooltip.
    * Click on the color value to copy the hex value to the clipboard.
 * Image tooltips in XAML and C#.
    * Hover over an image name to preview the image.
    * Click on the image preview to open it in the image manager.
    * When MFractor suggests image assets values via IntelliSense, it will present a preview of that image.
 * Static Resource refactorings:
   * Use the **Move to App.xaml** refactoring to shift a resource from a page or control into the App.xaml file.
   * Use the **Refactor into static resource** code action to shift an attributes value into a resource entry in the current file or in the App.xaml.
 * The new **Generate Font Character Code Class** creates a C# class with all font character names and icons available as string constants.

**Enhancements:**

 * We've cleaned up our Activation Dialog UI structure and direct you to the documentation site after you activate.
 * We've addd a new **Request Trial** main menu option so you can quickly request a trial license.
 * We've addd a new **Recover Professional License** menu option so that you can recover you MFractor license.
 * We've addd a new **View Release Notes** menu option under the About menu so that you can view the release notes for the current release.
 * New **Import font asset** completion in XAML to launch the font importer and inject the FontFamily XAML needed to reference that code.
 * We've added help links to the following features:
    * Generate custom renderers.
    * Image Importer.
    * Image manager.
    * Image deletion tool.
    * Image optimisation tool.
    * Bindable property wizard.
    * Attached property wizard.
    * Generate Interface Implementation.
    * Font Importer.
 * We've added a help links section to our XAML analysis preferences panel. As we document each analyser, a link to view the docs for that analyser become available.
 * The **Find Custom Renderers** code action is now accessible through the Alt+Return menu in C#.
 * When you update MFractor, we now show a small thank you message and provide you with a link to the release notes for that version.
 * When you first install MFractor, we trigger Visual Studio Mac to restart to complete the installation.

**Issues Fixed:**

 * We've multiple issues where MFractor Lite wouldn't properly record and inform you that you were on a restriction of 4 documents per day.
 * Fixed: The **Start Accessibility Inspector** command would not appear or launch.
 * Fixed: The **Edit Shared Project Items** command wasn't opening the `.projitems`.
 * Fixed: Sometimes Row and Column location completions wouldn't appear while editing a child of a grid.
 * Fixed: Numeric data-bindings no longer give type mismatch warnings.
