## v3.9.2
**Released on December 7th 2019**

The 3.9.2 release contains a critical hotfix to remove the Newtonsoft.Json and Microsoft.VisualStudio.Composition assemblies from MFractor. This fixes instability in the IDE caused by MFractor in Visual Studio Mac 8.3 and above.

**Features:**

 * `Star` and `Auto` short hand completions for Grids.
 * **Customer Requested**: `Grid (Boilerplate)` short hand completion to create common boilerplate code (row and column definitions) for new grid declarations.

**Issues Fixed:**

 * Fixed: Remove Newtonsoft.Json and Microsoft.VisualStudio.Composition assemblies from final package.
 * Fixed: Delete output folders fails in v3.9.1. [#166](https://github.com/mfractor/mfractor-feedback/issues/166)
 * Fixed: Localisation wizard freezes Visual Studio Mac.

**Released on December 5th 2019**

**Enhancements:**

 * When generating a new value converter, MFractor can automatically add it to the app xaml or current xaml file. [#154](https://github.com/mfractor/mfractor-feedback/issues/154)

**Issues Fixed:**

 * Fixed: Generated Converter Type Inference issues. [#156](https://github.com/mfractor/mfractor-feedback/issues/156)
 * Fixed: Generating a Converter from the Generate actions in Xaml, sets the Converter on the binding twice. [#155](https://github.com/mfractor/mfractor-feedback/issues/155)
 * Fixed: Value Converter Wizard Parameter Type is ignored. [#153](https://github.com/mfractor/mfractor-feedback/issues/153)

## v3.9.0
**Released on December 3rd 2019**

**Features:**

 * When a shared project is select in the solution pad, use the **Edit Shared Project Items** to open the `.projitems` file for the shared project.
 * When a font in an iOS project is selected in the solution pad, use the **Add UIAppFont Entry** to add an info.plist entry for that font,
 * When a font in an iOS project is selected in the solution pad, use the **Copy FontFamily XAML To Clipboard** to generate the OnPlatform code needed to use that font in XAML.
 * The **Delete Output Folders** feature is now configurable. The first time you use this feature for a solution or project, it will ask which folders you'd like to delete. [#146](https://github.com/mfractor/mfractor-feedback/issues/136)

**Enhancements:**

 * We are no longer bundling the Microsoft.CodeAnalysis assemblies (aka Roslyln). This improves Visual Studio Mac performance and stability, as well as reducing the size of MFractor's package.
 * Significant performance and memory improvement for MFractors IntelliSense. We've re-engineered how we discover XAML symbols to reduce memory usage and cut-down the time it takes to resolve a symbol. This work was imperative for our IntelliSense support in Visual Studio Windows.
 * Significant performance and memory improvements for MFractors resource indexer.
 * The following features now have integrated documentation:
    * Extract control.
    * Generate bindable property.
    * Generate attached property.

**Issues Fixed:**

 * Fixed: Importing iOS Image Assets with the Image Importer do not appear. [#147](https://github.com/mfractor/mfractor-feedback/issues/147)
 * Fixed: When editing inside a Setter, MFractor would try suggestion setter shorthands alongside attributes.
 * Fixed: When editing a XAML document, sometimes MFractor would incorrectly report missing or misnamed static resources.
