!!! quote "Release notes for our 4.0 versions of MFractor for Visual Studio Windows"

## v4.0.16

**Released on May 10th 2020**

Service release to include automatic 30-day trials.

## v4.0.14

**Released on May 7th 2020**

Service release to fix issues with image management on Windows.

**Issues Fixed:**

 * Fixed: The image importer would fail to open when a UWP project is within the solution.
 * Fixed: Scaled UWP images are now grouped in the image importer.

## v4.0.14

**Released on May 4th 2020**

Service release to add adornments for XAML in Visual Studio Windows.

**Features**

 * Grid index adornments.
 * Color adornments.
 * Escaped XAML character adornments.

## v4.0.13

**Released on April 20th 2020**

Service release to add new XAML analysers and improved performance for the XAML analyser.

**Features**

 * Analyser to verify the content of a refresh view is scrollable.
 * Analyser to verify the content that the platform specified by an `On` element is a known platform.
 * Analyser to verify that a referenced embedded font is defined.
 * Analyser to detect when a C# style newline (`\n`) is used within XAML and warn that it is not escaped.

 **Issues Fixed:**

 * Fixed: The XAML analyser would always re-analyse the document if it's window lost focus and then regained it.
 * Fixed: The XAML analyser would not re-analyse the document after a solution sync had finished.

## v4.0.12
**Released on April 18th 2020**

Service release to hotfix an XML syntax transformation failure and adds MobileBuildTools image support.

**Features**

 * Support for [MobileBuildTools](https://mobilebuildtools.com/) style image assets in all image features.

 **Issues Fixed:**

  * Fixed: XML syntax refactorings would not work on Windows.
  * Fixed: The XAML analyser no longer flags the design schema as unknown when inspecting properties.

## v4.0.11
**Released on April 14th 2020**

Hotfix release to fix image manager list items not appearing.

 **Issues Fixed:**

  * Fixed: The images listed by the image manager would not appear correctly.

## v4.0.10
**Released on April 10th 2020**

Service release to add color consolidation analysis and refactorings and support for UWP in the image manager.

**Features**

 * Color consolidation analyser finds colors usages throughout your app and notifies you when you could merge them into a single static resource.
 * Color consolidation refactorings to batch replace all duplicate color values with a static resource.
 * UWP support for the font importer.
 * UWP support for the image manager.
 * UWP support for the delete image asset tool.
 * When using a custom font and a static resource to resolve the glyph code, MFractor can now render a preview of that glyph.

 **Issues Fixed:**

  * Fixed: The choose file dialog doesn't disappear when importing a license.
  * Fixed: Using `x:Reference` to refer to the root XAML element as a binding context would generate binding validation errors.

## v4.0.9

**Released on 8th of April 2020**

Hotfix to address thickness simplification analysis bug showing too many warnings.

## v4.0.8

**Released on 7th of April 2020**

Service release to add thickness consolidation and significant performance improvements to the XAML analysis engine.

**Features**

 * Thickness consolidation analyser finds thickness usages throughout your app and notifies you when you could merge them into a single static resource.
 * Thickness consolidation refactorings to batch replace all duplicate thickness values with a static resource.

**Enhancements**

  * Significant reduction in memory consumption when MFractor analysis XAML and a 400% improvement in performance times.

## v4.0.6

**Released on 24th of March 2020**

Service release to add insert/delete row and column actions.

**Features**

 * Insert row/column code actions.
 * Delete row/column code actions.

**Enhancements**

 * New code fix to remove all redundant grid row and columns.

## v4.0.5

**Released on 19th of March 2020**

Service release to fix bugs in MVVM wizard and x:Reference code behind data bindings.

**Enhancements**

 * When editing inside an OnPlatform element, MFractor now suggests the available platforms as completions.

**Issues Fixed:**

 * Fixed: MFractor doesn't correctly recognize type of binding source. [#194](https://github.com/mfractor/mfractor-feedback/issues/194).
 * Fixed: MVVM Wizard - Color Coding the XAML File Previewer. [#119](https://github.com/mfractor/mfractor-feedback/issues/179).

## v4.0.4
**Released on 17th of March 2020**

Fixes an issue where trial license requests were not going through.

## v4.0.3
**Released on 10th of March 2020**

Fixes the contrast in XAML code issue tooltips, adds several new XAML analysers, improves performance/memory usage and introduces a new C# refactoring.

**Enhancements:**

 * We've retired the legacy way we resolved symbols in XAML files to significantly in improve performance and memory consumption in XAML analysis, tooltips, code actions and IntelliSense.
 * Code Analysis:
   * When a ViewCell is used inside a CollectionView, MFractor will warn you that it is obsolete.
   * MFractor now inspects the Glyph codes used with a FontFamily and verify the glyph exists in the font.
 * Code Issue Fixes:
   * When a style resource does not exists, use the create style fix to start the style wizard and create a new one.
 * Refactorings:
   * Swap event handler binding between `+=` and `-=`.

 **Issues Fixed:**

  * Fixed: Hint window in dark mode for VS Win has low contrast. [#193](https://github.com/mfractor/mfractor-feedback/issues/193)
  * Fixed: Image managers image no longer appeared.

## v4.0.2
**Released on 2nd of March 2020**

Adds x:DataType support to binding context resolution.

**Issues Fixed:**

 * Fixed: MFractor now supports binding context resolution using x:DataType.

## v4.0.1
**Released on 24th of February 2020**

Fixes bugs in extract style and convert stack layout to grid refactorings.

**Issues Fixed:**

 * Fixed: Horizontal stack layouts would generate broken code when converting to a grid.
 * Fixed: Do not include `Text` properties when extracting a style.
 * Fixed: Fixed issues where sometimes project files would not synchronise and features like manage images or MVVM navigation would stop working

## v4.0.0
**Released on February 20th 2020**

The v4.0 release of MFractor for Visual Studio is the stable release of MFractor, reaching approximate feature parity with MFractor for Visual Studio Mac.

At a glance, MFractor for Visual Studio Windows offers:

 * A powerful XAML feature suite makes it faster and easier to writing beautiful XAML.
   * Write better XAML, faster with supercharged IntelliSense. MFractor suggests ViewModel properties, image assets, short cut completions for grids, setters and trigger plus much more.
   * Over 80 XAML analysers find a huge range of bugs, improvements, code smells and maintainability issues. Even better, you can often fix an issue with a single click.
   * Over 100 XAML code actions make it dead easy to refactor and cleanup your XAML.
   * Custom tooltips give you deeper insight into your codebase. Preview image assets, colour and static resources!
 * MFractors image management tool suite lets you import new Android and iOS assets in seconds, delete images across all projects and visually browse all assets in your solution.
 * Wizards for importing fonts, generating view models, creating value converters, bindable properties, interface implementations and much more.
