!!! quote "Release notes for our 4.4 versions of MFractor Visual Studio Windows"

## v4.4.4

**Released on December 9th 2020**

Adds a thickness tooltip that helps you visualise how a margin or padding affects a control.

**Issues Fixed**

 * Fixed: Static resource not recognised on a brand new scaffolded Xamarin Forms app. [#309](https://github.com/mfractor/mfractor-feedback/issues/309)
 * Fixed: When an element uses a style with inheritance, MFractor does not identify properties as redundant when provided by the parent style. [#310](https://github.com/mfractor/mfractor-feedback/issues/309)

## v4.4.3

**Release on December 7th 2020**

MFractor 4.4.3 let's you use the insert and delete grid row/column refactorings by hovering over a row or column definition.

**Issues Fixed**

 * Fixed: Grid insert/delete refactorings stopped working.

## v4.4.2

**Release on December 1st 2020**

**Issues Fixed**

 * Fixed: Imagesets created by the image importer cause compiler issues.

## v4.4.1

**Release on November 16th 2020**

**Issues Fixed**

 * Fixed: Localizing a string in a .cs file generates incorrectly. [#305](https://github.com/mfractor/mfractor-feedback/issues/305)
 * Fixed: Imagesets created by the image importer cause compiler issues.

## v4.4.0

**Release on November 10th 2020**

MFractor 4.4 is a major release that adds the new App Icon Importer Feature, allowing you to easily import application icons into your projects.

**Features**

* **App Icon Importer**: The App Icon Importer is a major feature added to MFractor to allow you to easily import launch screen icons to your Android and iOS projects. It adds a dialog that allows you to select a single image file and import it in every size and its related metadata required on each project type. Check out the [feature documentation](/image-management/app-icon-importer) for details.
* **Visual Studio for Windows 16.8 Support**: this release adds offical support to Visual Studio for Windows version 16.8.
