*Autogenerated by MFractor v3.2.17*
## Binding Expression Return Type Mismatch

Validates that the .NET symbol returned by a binding expression matches the expected type for the property.

**Available Fixes**

 * [Create Value Converter To Resolve Type Flow](/code-actions/xaml/fix.md#create-value-converter-to-resolve-type-flow)

 * [Import Value Converter For Binding Type Flow](/code-actions/xaml/fix.md#import-value-converter-for-binding-type-flow)


## Binding Expressions Resolve

Inspects `Binding` expressions and validates that the symbol referred to in the binding context exists. This analyser requires an explict or implicit binding context.

**Available Fixes**

 * [Autocorrect Nearly Named Property Binding](/code-actions/xaml/fix.md#autocorrect-nearly-named-property-binding)

 * [Generate Missing Binding Command Stub](/code-actions/xaml/fix.md#generate-missing-binding-command-stub)

 * [Generate Binding Expression Property](/code-actions/xaml/fix.md#generate-binding-expression-property)


## Class Does Not Have Attached Property

Looks for attached properties (for example `Grid.Row`) and validates they exist in the class that they are attempting to use.

**Available Fixes**

 * [Replace with correct attached property name](/code-actions/xaml/fix.md#replace-with-correct-attached-property-name)


## Column Is Outside Grid Boundaries

This code analyser inspects usages of the `Grid.Column` attribute and validates that the column provided is within the total columns declared by the parent grid.


## ColumnSpan Is Outside Grid Boundaries

This code analyser inspects usages of the `Grid.ColumnSpan` attribute and validates that the span provided is within the total columns declared by the parent grid.


## ContentPage Has Multiple Direct Children

Inspects usages of `ContentPage` and checks that it only has a single child view. Assigning multiple children into a `ContentPage` is a common mistake where the developer usually intended to wrap the chid views with a `Grid` or a `StackLayout`.

**Available Fixes**

 * [Encapsulate Content Page Children With StackLayout](/code-actions/xaml/fix.md#encapsulate-content-page-children-with-stacklayout)

 * [Encapsulate Content Page Children With Grid](/code-actions/xaml/fix.md#encapsulate-content-page-children-with-grid)


## ContentView Has Multiple Direct Children

Inspects usages of the `ContentView` element and checks that it only has a single child view. Assigning multiple children into a `ContentView` is a common mistake where the developer usually intended to wrap the chid views with a `Grid` or a `StackLayout`.

**Available Fixes**

 * [Encapsulate Content View Children With Grid](/code-actions/xaml/fix.md#encapsulate-content-view-children-with-grid)

 * [Encapsulate Content View Children With StackLayout](/code-actions/xaml/fix.md#encapsulate-content-view-children-with-stacklayout)


## Detect Missing Image In Linked Projects

This code analyser inspects the value provided into an `ImageSource` and validates that an image of that name exists within any iOS or Android projects that reference this shared project or PCL.

**Available Fixes**

 * [Import Missing Image Resource](/code-actions/xaml/fix.md#import-missing-image-resource)


## Duplicate AutomationIds

Inspects a Xaml document for occurances of duplicate `AutomationId` declarations.


## Duplicate Code Behind Field Declarations

Checks that the value assigned to an `x:Name` attribute is unique within the scope of the document.


## Duplicate Namespace Declaration

Checks that an xml namespace points to a unique namespace and assembly. For example if both `xmlns:local="clr-namespace:MFractor.Licensing.MobileApp"` and `xmlns:myassembly="clr-namespace:MFractor.Licensing.MobileApp"` were declared, this analyser would warn that they both reference the same assembly and namespace.

**Available Fixes**

 * [Rename Duplicate Namespace References](/code-actions/xaml/fix.md#rename-duplicate-namespace-references)


## Duplicate Resource Dictionary Keys

Validates the each resource entry within a resource dictionary has a unique key.


## Empty Code Behind Field Declaration

Inspects occurances of the `x:Name` attribute and validates that a value is assigned; empty `x:Name` expressions generate an empty named code-behind field, causing compilation errors.


## Event Handler Exists In Code Behind Class

Checks that an event callback referenced referenced by an attribute value exists in the code behind class.

**Available Fixes**

 * [Auto-Correct Event Handler Name](/code-actions/xaml/fix.md#auto-correct-event-handler-name)

 * [Generate Event Handler](/code-actions/xaml/fix.md#generate-event-handler)


## Event Handler Signature Mismatch

Checks that the signature for the event callback in a code behind class matches the expected signature for the property it is assigned to.


## Generic Usage Is Missing x:TypeArguments

Inspects generic classes that are instantiated through Xaml and validates that an `x:TypeArguments` attribute or property assignment node is present.

**Available Fixes**

 * [Create x:TypeArguments Attribute](/code-actions/xaml/fix.md#create-x:typearguments-attribute)


## Inner Element Is Not Resource Dictionary

Inspects the inner element(s) of a `MyView.ResourceDictionary` property setter node  and checks that a resource dictionary is the inner element. It is common to forget to use a resource dictionary before adding resources

**Available Fixes**

 * [Encapsulate With Resource Dictionary](/code-actions/xaml/fix.md#encapsulate-with-resource-dictionary)


## Invalid Named Font Size

Inspects `FontSize` attributes and validates that the named size provided to it is a valid font size name (Micro, Small, Medium, Large).

**Available Fixes**

 * [Autocorrect Invalid FontSize](/code-actions/xaml/fix.md#autocorrect-invalid-fontsize)


## Invalid Thickness Attribute Value

Inspects attribute properties that use the `Xamarin.Forms.Thickness` type and checks the value used can be translated to a thickness. For example, `Thickness` could accidentally be provided `0,5,05`, with the intention of it being `0,5,0,5`; the first example has three arguments while the second has four. This misuse would cause the app to crash when using inflated XAML or for XAMLC to fail.


## Missing Microsoft Schema

Inspects at the root xaml node and verifies that it references the Microsoft Xaml schema: `http://schemas.microsoft.com/winfx/2009/xaml`. This schema is required for Xamarin Forms Xaml documents.


## Obsolete Property Used

Checks for attributes that are marked as obsolete/deprecated.


## OnIdiom Return Type Mismatch

Checks the type returned by a `Xamarin.Forms.OnIdiom` element is valid with the parent property type.


## OnPlatform Return Type Mismatch

Checks the type returned by a `Xamarin.Forms.OnPlatform` element is valid with the parent property type.


## Property Node Maps To Member In Parent Type

Checks that a property node resolves to a member within its parent type.


## Property Setter Does Not Exist In Style TargetType

This code inspection looks at `Setter` elements when they are used inside a `Style` and validates that the member specified in the `Property` attribute exists on the type symbol referenced in the parent `Style`s `TargetType` attribute.

**Available Fixes**

 * [Replace Style Setter Property With Autocorrection](/code-actions/xaml/fix.md#replace-style-setter-property-with-autocorrection)


## Property Setter Node Misuse

Inspects for property setters that don't apply to the outer class. For example, if a developer used OnIdiom.Phone inside a OnPlatform element, the OnIdiom.Phone property setter makes no sense within the given context.


## Property Setter Type Mismatch

When using MyClass.MyProperty node setter syntax, validate that the inner child node returns a .NET object of the correct type for the property.


## Referenced Attribute Member Exists In Parent Type

Checks that an attribute resolves to a member within its parent type.

**Available Fixes**

 * [Replace attribute with closely named member](/code-actions/xaml/fix.md#replace-attribute-with-closely-named-member)

 * [Create Missing Property For Class](/code-actions/xaml/fix.md#create-missing-property-for-class)


## Referenced Code Behind Field Exists

Inspects usages of the `x:Reference` expression and validates the referenced element has been declared within the document. `x:Reference` expressions are used to resolve another Xaml node has a code behind field defined using the `x:Name` attribute.

**Available Fixes**

 * [Replace x:Name Reference With Autocorrection](/code-actions/xaml/fix.md#replace-x:name-reference-with-autocorrection)


## Resource Entry Does Not Define Key

Validates the elements provided to a resource dictionary supply an `x:Key` attribute to declare their resource dictionary key.

**Available Fixes**

 * [Generate Resource Dictionary Key](/code-actions/xaml/fix.md#generate-resource-dictionary-key)


## Root Element Defines Code Behind Class

Checks that the root xaml node defines a code behind class using the `x:Class` directive


## Row Is Outside Grid Boundaries

This code analyser inspects usages of the `Grid.Row` attribute and validates that the row provided is within the total rows declared by the parent grid.


## RowSpan Is Outside Grid Boundaries

This code analyser inspects usages of the `Grid.RowSpan` attribute and validates that the span provided is within the total rows declared by the parent grid.


## ScrollView Has Multiple Direct Children

Inspects usages of `ScrollView` and checks that it only has a single child view. Assigning multiple children into a `ScrollView` is a common mistake where the developer usually intended to wrap the chid views with a `Grid` or a `StackLayout`.

**Available Fixes**

 * [Encapsulate Scroll View Children With Grid](/code-actions/xaml/fix.md#encapsulate-scroll-view-children-with-grid)

 * [Encapsulate Scroll View Children With StackLayout](/code-actions/xaml/fix.md#encapsulate-scroll-view-children-with-stacklayout)


## StaticResource Return Type Mismatch

Validates that the symbol returned by a `StaticResource` expression matches the expected type for the property.


## Style Is Missing TargetType

When a `Style` is used within XAML, it should always specify a type it targets using the `TargetType` property. This analysis check inspects for usages of `Style` that don't assign the `TargetType` property.

**Available Fixes**

 * [Add Missing Target Type Attribute](/code-actions/xaml/fix.md#add-missing-target-type-attribute)


## Undefined Static Resource Usage

**Preview Feature**

Validates that the element referenced by a `StaticResource` expression resource lookup resolves to a resource defined in the xaml file.


## Unknown Static Property Value

For attributes that accept a class object, inspects that the literal value maps to a static property or field in the class type. For example, the `LayoutOptions` class has the static fields `Fill` or `CentreAndExpand` that can be used a literal attribute values. If `CentreAndFill` was provided (an invalid value), this analyser would inspect the `LayoutOptions` class for a static field named `CentreAndFill` and trigger an analysis error when it couldn't be found.

**Available Fixes**

 * [Replace Unknown Property Value With Autocorrection](/code-actions/xaml/fix.md#replace-unknown-property-value-with-autocorrection)


## Unknown Type Provided To Generic

Inspects usages of `x:TypeArguments` and validates that the type provided exists.


## Unresolved .NET Symbols Within Xaml Expression

Inspects a .net symbol reference (eg `local:MyClass.MyProperty`) and validates that the symbol portion ('MyClass.MyProperty') resolves to a .NET symbol within the current project and it's references.

**Available Fixes**

 * [Autocorrect Symbol In Markup Expression](/code-actions/xaml/fix.md#autocorrect-symbol-in-markup-expression)

 * [Generate Class With Static Property](/code-actions/xaml/fix.md#generate-class-with-static-property)

 * [Generate class](/code-actions/xaml/fix.md#generate-class)

 * [Generate property](/code-actions/xaml/fix.md#generate-property)


## Unresolved Namespace Within Xaml Expression

Inspects a .net symbol reference (eg `local:MyClass.MyProperty`) and validates that the namespace portion ('local') resolves to a xmlns declaration in the current document.

**Available Fixes**

 * [Import Namespace And Assembly For Unresolved Expression Symbol](/code-actions/xaml/fix.md#import-namespace-and-assembly-for-unresolved-expression-symbol)


## Unresolved Xml Namespace

Checks that the namespace used on the xml nodes is defined within the current document.

**Available Fixes**

 * [Import Namespace And Assembly For Unresolved XAML Node](/code-actions/xaml/fix.md#import-namespace-and-assembly-for-unresolved-xaml-node)

 * [Replace XML Namespace With Autocorrection](/code-actions/xaml/fix.md#replace-xml-namespace-with-autocorrection)


## Unresolved Xmlns Assembly

Checks that the 'assembly' component of an xmlns statement resolves to an assembly referenced by the project.


## Unused Resource

Inspects that resource dictionary entries are used via the `StaticResource` markup extension expression within this document.


## Unused Xml Namespace

Validate that xmlns attributes that declare a namespace and assembly that is used within the current document.

**Available Fixes**

 * [Remove Unused XML Namespace](/code-actions/xaml/fix.md#remove-unused-xml-namespace)


## Validate Binding Expressions Return A Property

Evaluates a `Binding` expression and validates that it points to property within the binding context. This analyser requires an explict or implicit binding context.

**Available Fixes**

 * [Replace Field Or Method Reference With Property](/code-actions/xaml/fix.md#replace-field-or-method-reference-with-property)


## Validate Value Types

Inspects the input provided to attributes that expect value types (int, bool, double etc) and validates that the input is valid.


## Value Converter Input Type Mismatch

Inspects the `Converter` property of a `Binding `expression and validates that the input type is correct. This analyser requires that the `IValueConverter` implementation uses the [`ValueConversion`](/xamarin-forms/value-converter-type-safety.md) attribute to declare it input type.


## Value Converter Output Type Mismatch

Inspects the `Converter` component of a `Binding` expression and validates that the returned output type is valid for the parent attribute. This analyser requires that the `IValueConverter` implementation uses the [`ValueConversion`](/xamarin-forms/value-converter-type-safety.md) attribute to declare it input type.


## x:Name Has Invalid Characters

Checks that x:Name expressions define a valid code-behind variable name. A value declared by an x:Name attribute must start with a @, _ or a-Z character followed by underscores or alpha-numeric characters.


## x:Static Return Type Mismatch

Validates that the .NET symbol returned by an `x:Static` expressions matches the expected type for the property.


## x:TypeArguments Used On Non-Generic Class

Inspects for usages of `x:TypeArguments` on elements that are non-generic classes.


## Xaml Node Resolves

Checks that xaml nodes map to a valid .NET symbol.

**Available Fixes**

 * [Generate .NET View From XAML Node](/code-actions/xaml/fix.md#generate-.net-view-from-xaml-node)

 * [Generate Value Converter From XAML Node](/code-actions/xaml/fix.md#generate-value-converter-from-xaml-node)

 * [Generate XAML View From XAML Node](/code-actions/xaml/fix.md#generate-xaml-view-from-xaml-node)

 * [Generate Class From XAML Node](/code-actions/xaml/fix.md#generate-class-from-xaml-node)

 * [Replace Node With Auto-Correction](/code-actions/xaml/fix.md#replace-node-with-auto-correction)


