docs/code-generation/csharp.md, before:

*Autogenerated by MFractor v3.2.13*
## Create AttributeUsage Annotation

**Configuration Id: com.mfractor.code_gen.csharp.attribute_usage_annotation**

Create an `[System.AttributeUsage()]` annotation that can can be attached to a class declaration that derives from `System.Attribute`.


## Create Base Constructor

**Configuration Id: com.mfractor.code_gen.csharp.base_constructor**

Generates a class constructor that routes a series of constructor parameters into a `base(...)` constructor.


### Uses:

 * [Create Constructor](/code-generation/csharp.md#create-constructor)


## Create Class Declaration

**Configuration Id: com.mfractor.code_gen.csharp.class_declaration**

Generates a new class declaration implementing all provided members, base class constructors, base class abstract invocations and interfaces


### Configurable Properties

| Name | Type | Defaults To | Description |
|------|------|-------------|-------------|
| **ImplementBaseConstructors** | `System.Boolean` | `False` | Should the base class constructors be automatically created? |

### Uses:

 * [Member Field Generator](/code-generation/csharp.md#member-field-generator)
 * [Generate Instance Property](/code-generation/csharp.md#generate-instance-property)
 * [Method Generator](/code-generation/csharp.md#method-generator)
 * [Create Base Constructor](/code-generation/csharp.md#create-base-constructor)


## Create Constructor

**Configuration Id: com.mfractor.code_gen.csharp.constructor**

Generates a class constructor, optionally with a set of arguments.


### Configurable Properties

| Name | Type | Defaults To | Description |
|------|------|-------------|-------------|
| **ArgumentFirstLetterToLowerCase** | `System.Boolean` | `True` | Should all constructor arguments have their first letter forced to lower case? |

## Generate Assignment Expression

**Configuration Id: com.mfractor.code_gen.csharp.assignment_expression**

Generates an assignment expresssion; eg `this.myField = value;`


### Configurable Properties

| Name | Type | Defaults To | Description |
|------|------|-------------|-------------|
| **IncludeThisForMembers** | `System.Boolean` | `False` | When assigning to a class member, should a `this.` be added to the variable being assigned? |

## Generate Event Handler Declaration

**Configuration Id: com.mfractor.code_gen.csharp.event_handler_declaration**

Generates an `event EventHandler<EventArgs>` declaration that can be bound against by a callback.


## Generate Event Handler Method Callback

**Configuration Id: com.mfractor.code_gen.csharp.event_handler_method**

Generates a method that's compatible for registration with an `EventHandler<EventArgs>` as a callback.


## Generate Instance Property

**Configuration Id: com.mfractor.code_gen.csharp.instance_property**

Generates a instance property with a getter and setter.


### Configurable Properties

| Name | Type | Defaults To | Description |
|------|------|-------------|-------------|
| **UseBackingFields** | `System.Boolean` | `False` | When creating the implementation for a property with a public getter and setter, should the property generator create a backing field? |

### Uses:

 * [Generate Member Initialiser](/code-generation/csharp.md#generate-member-initialiser)
 * [Member Field Generator](/code-generation/csharp.md#member-field-generator)


## Generate Member Initialiser

**Configuration Id: com.mfractor.code_gen.csharp.member_initialiser_expression**

Generates an initilisation expression for a class/struct member (such as a property or field).


### Configurable Properties

| Name | Type | Defaults To | Description |
|------|------|-------------|-------------|
| **ForceStringLiteral** | `System.Boolean` | `False` | Should the code generator always attempt to assign members with a string literal? |

## Member Field Generator

**Configuration Id: com.mfractor.code_gen.csharp.field_declaration**

Generates member field declarations with an optional value initialisation


### Configurable Properties

| Name | Type | Defaults To | Description |
|------|------|-------------|-------------|
| **UnderscoreOnBackingField** | `System.Boolean` | `False` | When creating a backing field for a property, should the field have an underscore appended to the start of the field name? |

### Uses:

 * [Generate Member Initialiser](/code-generation/csharp.md#generate-member-initialiser)


## Method Generator

**Configuration Id: com.mfractor.code_gen.csharp.method_declaration**

Generates a new method declaration


### Configurable Properties

| Name | Type | Defaults To | Description |
|------|------|-------------|-------------|
| **UseExplicitInterfaceImplementation** | `System.Boolean` | `False` | When generating a method for an interface, should the new method be explicitly qualified against the interface? EG: 'void MyInterface.MyMethod' |
| **IncludeNotImplementException** | `System.Boolean` | `False` | When creating the new method body, should a NotImplementedException be thrown as the default code body? |

## Namespace Declaration

**Configuration Id: com.mfractor.code_gen.csharp.namespace_declaration**

Generates a new namespace declaration syntax element


## Using Directive Generator

**Configuration Id: com.mfractor.code_gen.csharp.using_directive**

Generates a new using directive for the provided namespace

Commit message:

Update docs to include code snippets

docs/code-generation/csharp.md, after:

*Autogenerated by MFractor v3.2.14*
## Create AttributeUsage Annotation

**Configuration Id: com.mfractor.code_gen.csharp.attribute_usage_annotation**

Create an `[System.AttributeUsage()]` annotation that can can be attached to a class declaration that derives from `System.Attribute`.


## Create Base Constructor

**Configuration Id: com.mfractor.code_gen.csharp.base_constructor**

Generates a class constructor that routes a series of constructor parameters into a `base(...)` constructor.


### Uses:

 * [Create Constructor](/code-generation/csharp.md#create-constructor)


## Create Class Declaration

**Configuration Id: com.mfractor.code_gen.csharp.class_declaration**

Generates a new class declaration implementing all provided members, base class constructors, base class abstract invocations and interfaces


### Configurable Properties

| Name | Type | Defaults To | Description |
|------|------|-------------|-------------|
| **ImplementBaseConstructors** | `System.Boolean` | `False` | Should the base class constructors be automatically created? |

### Uses:

 * [Member Field Generator](/code-generation/csharp.md#member-field-generator)
 * [Generate Instance Property](/code-generation/csharp.md#generate-instance-property)
 * [Method Generator](/code-generation/csharp.md#method-generator)
 * [Create Base Constructor](/code-generation/csharp.md#create-base-constructor)


## Create Constructor

**Configuration Id: com.mfractor.code_gen.csharp.constructor**

Generates a class constructor, optionally with a set of arguments.


### Configurable Properties

| Name | Type | Defaults To | Description |
|------|------|-------------|-------------|
| **ArgumentFirstLetterToLowerCase** | `System.Boolean` | `True` | Should all constructor arguments have their first letter forced to lower case? |

## Generate Assignment Expression

**Configuration Id: com.mfractor.code_gen.csharp.assignment_expression**

Generates an assignment expresssion; eg `this.myField = value;`


### Configurable Properties

| Name | Type | Defaults To | Description |
|------|------|-------------|-------------|
| **IncludeThisForMembers** | `System.Boolean` | `False` | When assigning to a class member, should a `this.` be added to the variable being assigned? |

## Generate Event Handler Declaration

**Configuration Id: com.mfractor.code_gen.csharp.event_handler_declaration**

Generates an `event EventHandler<EventArgs>` declaration that can be bound against by a callback.


## Generate Event Handler Method

**Configuration Id: com.mfractor.code_gen.csharp.event_handler_method**

Generates a method that's compatible for registration with an `EventHandler<EventArgs>` as a callback.


### Configurable Properties

| Name | Type | Defaults To | Description |
|------|------|-------------|-------------|
| **Snippet** | `Code Snippet`<br/><br/>**Arguments**:<ul><li>`name`: The name of the new method.</li><li>`type`: The fully qualified type of the event arguments.</li></ul> | <code>public void $name$(object sender, $type$ e)<br/>{<br/>    throw new System.NotImplementedException();<br/>}</code> | What is the code snippet to use when creating the new event handler method declaration? |

## Generate Instance Property

**Configuration Id: com.mfractor.code_gen.csharp.instance_property**

Generates a instance property with a getter and setter.


### Configurable Properties

| Name | Type | Defaults To | Description |
|------|------|-------------|-------------|
| **Snippet** | `Code Snippet`<br/><br/>**Arguments**:<ul><li>`type`: The fully qualified type of the new property.</li><li>`name`: The name of the new propety.</li><li>`value`: The value to assign to the new property.</li></ul> | <code>public $type$ $name$<br/>{<br/>    get;<br/>    set;<br/>}</code> | What is the code snippet to use when creating the property declaration? |

### Uses:

 * [Generate Member Initialiser](/code-generation/csharp.md#generate-member-initialiser)
 * [Member Field Generator](/code-generation/csharp.md#member-field-generator)


## Generate Member Initialiser

**Configuration Id: com.mfractor.code_gen.csharp.member_initialiser_expression**

Generates an initilisation expression for a class/struct member (such as a property or field).


### Configurable Properties

| Name | Type | Defaults To | Description |
|------|------|-------------|-------------|
| **ForceStringLiteral** | `System.Boolean` | `False` | Should the code generator always attempt to assign members with a string literal? |

## Member Field Generator

**Configuration Id: com.mfractor.code_gen.csharp.field_declaration**

Generates member field declarations with an optional value initialisation


### Configurable Properties

| Name | Type | Defaults To | Description |
|------|------|-------------|-------------|
| **UnderscoreOnBackingField** | `System.Boolean` | `False` | When creating a backing field for a property, should the field have an underscore appended to the start of the field name? |

### Uses:

 * [Generate Member Initialiser](/code-generation/csharp.md#generate-member-initialiser)


## Method Generator

**Configuration Id: com.mfractor.code_gen.csharp.method_declaration**

Generates a new method declaration


### Configurable Properties

| Name | Type | Defaults To | Description |
|------|------|-------------|-------------|
| **UseExplicitInterfaceImplementation** | `System.Boolean` | `False` | When generating a method for an interface, should the new method be explicitly qualified against the interface? EG: 'void MyInterface.MyMethod' |
| **IncludeNotImplementException** | `System.Boolean` | `False` | When creating the new method body, should a NotImplementedException be thrown as the default code body? |

## Namespace Declaration

**Configuration Id: com.mfractor.code_gen.csharp.namespace_declaration**

Generates a new namespace declaration syntax element


## Using Directive Generator

**Configuration Id: com.mfractor.code_gen.csharp.using_directive**

Generates a new using directive for the provided namespace
