docs/mfractor-premium.md, before:

## About MFractor Premium

*Everything you need to know about the free and paid version of MFractor for Visual Studio Mac*

## Free VS Premium

MFractor comes in both a free and a paid/premium version.

The free version contains most features that are included in MFractor Premium; as a Xamarin developer you will find the free version will still help out your day-to-day Xamarin.Android and Xamarin.Forms development a heck of a lot!

If you would like C# code refactoring support, mobile-specific code diagnostics or wish to tweak the code that MFractor creates then you will need to pay for a MFractor Premium license.

## Feature Map

| Feature | Included In Free | Included In Paid |
|------|:----:|:-----------:|
| [Configuration Support](/configuration.md) |  | **XXX** |
| [MFracor Code Annotations](/annotations.md) |  | **XXX** |
| **Xamarin.Forms Features** |  |  |
| [Xaml Analysis](/code-analysis/xaml.md) |  **XXX** | **XXX** |
| [Navigation Tools](/xamarin-forms/navigation.md) |  **XXX** | **XXX** |
| [Xaml Refactoring](/code-actions/xaml/refactor.md) |  **XXX** | **XXX** |
| [Xaml To C# Code Generation](/code-actions/xaml/generate.md) |  **XXX** | **XXX** |
| [Xamarin.Forms C# Code Diagnostics](code-analysis/csharp/xamarin-forms.md) |  | **XXX** |
| **Xamarin.Android Features** | **XXX** | **XXX** |
| [Android Resource IntelliSense](/xamarin-android/resource-intellisense.md) | **XXX** | **XXX** |
| [Android Resource Navigation Suite](/xamarin-android/navigation-tools.md) | **XXX** | **XXX** |
| [Android C# Code Diagnostics](code-analysis/csharp/android.md) |  | **XXX** |
| **C# Features** |  |  |
| [C# Code Actions](code-actions/csharp.md) |  | **XXX** |

## Purchase An MFractor Premium License

**RRP: $199AUD per user per year**

Premium licenses:

 * Are issued against a single developer.
 * Can be used on up to 3 separate machines for a single developer.
 * Expired 366 days after being issued.
 * Include 1 year of maintenance for premium features.
 * Include priority for feature requests and bug fixes.

To enquire about purchasing an MFractor Premium license, please email **matthew.ch.robbins@gmail.com**.

## Renewing A Premium License

When your license is about to expire, you can purchase a new license by contacting me at **matthew.ch.robbins@gmail.com**. I will issue a new license for 366 + the period until your current license expires.

## Refund Policy

Each purchase of MFractor comes with a 30 day refund period; If you would like a refund, email **matthew.ch.robbins@gmail.com** requesting a refund and the account details to transfer to. I will refund the full amount minus a $30AUD processing fee.

## Terms Of Use

 1. Each individual developer must have their own MFractor Premium license.
 2. An individual developer can activate MFractor Premium on up-to 3 separate machines.
 3. MFractor Premium licenses expire after 366 days.
 4. If an MFractor Premium license is not renewed, MFractor will automatically downgrade to the free license tier.

Commit message:

Update email addresses to hello@mfractor.com :

docs/mfractor-premium.md, after:

## About MFractor Premium

*Everything you need to know about the free and paid version of MFractor for Visual Studio Mac*

## Free VS Premium

MFractor comes in both a free and a paid/premium version.

The free version contains most features that are included in MFractor Premium; as a Xamarin developer you will find the free version will still help out your day-to-day Xamarin.Android and Xamarin.Forms development a heck of a lot!

If you would like C# code refactoring support, mobile-specific code diagnostics or wish to tweak the code that MFractor creates then you will need to pay for a MFractor Premium license.

## Feature Map

| Feature | Included In Free | Included In Paid |
|------|:----:|:-----------:|
| [Configuration Support](/configuration.md) |  | **XXX** |
| [MFracor Code Annotations](/annotations.md) |  | **XXX** |
| **Xamarin.Forms Features** |  |  |
| [Xaml Analysis](/code-analysis/xaml.md) |  **XXX** | **XXX** |
| [Navigation Tools](/xamarin-forms/navigation.md) |  **XXX** | **XXX** |
| [Xaml Refactoring](/code-actions/xaml/refactor.md) |  **XXX** | **XXX** |
| [Xaml To C# Code Generation](/code-actions/xaml/generate.md) |  **XXX** | **XXX** |
| [Xamarin.Forms C# Code Diagnostics](code-analysis/csharp/xamarin-forms.md) |  | **XXX** |
| **Xamarin.Android Features** | **XXX** | **XXX** |
| [Android Resource IntelliSense](/xamarin-android/resource-intellisense.md) | **XXX** | **XXX** |
| [Android Resource Navigation Suite](/xamarin-android/navigation-tools.md) | **XXX** | **XXX** |
| [Android C# Code Diagnostics](code-analysis/csharp/android.md) |  | **XXX** |
| **C# Features** |  |  |
| [C# Code Actions](code-actions/csharp.md) |  | **XXX** |

## Purchase An MFractor Premium License

**RRP: $199AUD per user per year**

Premium licenses:

 * Are issued against a single developer.
 * Can be used on up to 3 separate machines for a single developer.
 * Expired 366 days after being issued.
 * Include 1 year of maintenance for premium features.
 * Include priority for feature requests and bug fixes.

To enquire about purchasing an MFractor Premium license, please email **hello@mfractor.com**.

## Renewing A Premium License

When your license is about to expire, you can purchase a new license by contacting me at **hello@mfractor.com**. I will issue a new license for 366 + the period until your current license expires.

## Refund Policy

Each purchase of MFractor comes with a 30 day refund period; If you would like a refund, email **hello@mfractor.com** requesting a refund and the account details to transfer to. I will refund the full amount minus a $30AUD processing fee.

## Terms Of Use

 1. Each individual developer must have their own MFractor Premium license.
 2. An individual developer can activate MFractor Premium on up-to 3 separate machines.
 3. MFractor Premium licenses expire after 366 days.
 4. If an MFractor Premium license is not renewed, MFractor will automatically downgrade to the free license tier.
