## Configuration Types
*Autogenerated by MFractor v3.4.6*
## Code Snippet

Code snippets are source code samples that MFractor can use to generate arbitrary code.

Code snippets are defined as C# code with named arguments (EG: `$name$`) that are replaced by the snippet engine when the code is being generated.

MFractor supports code snippets from 3 sources:

 - Users can define snippets inside Visual Studio Macs snippets editor and then reference them in an MFractor config through the `source="ide" value="snippet_name"` syntax.
 - Users can include snippets within their projects and then reference them in an MFractor config through the `source="file" value="Snippets/MySnippet.txt"` syntax.
 - Package and framework authors can silently inject desired code snippets by including them inside the `./b uild` folder of their package and targetting them in the `.mfc.xml` config file through the `value="Snippets/MySnippet.txt"` syntax.



## Double

When MFractor encounters a `double` property, it will parse the value in the 


## Enum

When an enum value is encountered in a confg file, MFractor will try to parse the value into the properties enum type, falling back to the properties default enum value.


## File Path

File Paths refer to files either absolutely or relative to the current project.


## String

String property types are parsed and converted into a string literal.


## System.Boolean

Boolean properties support inputs of `true` or `false`.


## System.Int32

When an integer value is encountered in a config file, MFractor will try to parse the value into a signed `int`. If the number fails to parse, MFractor falls back to the propeties default `integer` value.


